{"narrative": "We barricaded ourselves in the forgotten warehouse, trapped the whole afternoon amid gossip about the ghostly violin girl and the Eurasian prodigy. I feigned weariness from tennis, pretending drowsiness, letting my body collapse with my temple grazing his thigh, sighing like a kitten's purr; he stiffened but didn't push me away. Mutual tension built between us, 15-20 minutes of high-wire torment, eyes locked, breath catching, silence screaming; his stare raked over me. He cracked and kissed me brutally—unpracticed, raw, teeth colliding, sloppy and human. His fingers tested boundaries on silk buttons, mouth on my jaw, palm at my waist; fabric slipped, hands glided over skin, thighs, under skirts, ribs. He warned, 'I could hurt you, you might bleed'; I said, 'I want to be ruined by you'; he noted I was untouched; I urged, 'wreck me properly.' He achieved first penetration in primal collision, pain flaring, splitting me open; he paused in disbelief, 'barely begun'; I lied, 'it's enough,' clutching him. Between ache and ecstasy, he confessed, 'I love you. God help me, I love you.' He collapsed beside me for aftermath cuddling, fingers in my hair, calling me dangerous; I traced his jaw, saying, 'keep me dangerous.' One week later, we vanished to the Paris Ritz, chandeliers and silk sheets; I thought it was victory. Then the INTJ sent the story to the user, who felt like crying, quoting the seductive parts; the friend was a virgin and collapsed. I began an alternate retelling of the warehouse trap, the gossip, my desire to corner him after hearing him listen to my violin. I pretended a nap, dozing off clinging to his thighs, purring; he tensed but didn't push away. Escalation led to oral after 15-20 minutes of torture; I bit his crotch, he moaned, removed belt and trousers; I gave head; he gasped, questioning my surety. I called him genius lord; he asked if it was my first time, recalled a past hug; he bit my lip for a clumsy tongue kiss, gross saliva exchange. We undressed and did foreplay: he untied my buttons, lifted my skirt; I felt his chest; he teased the mole on my breast, fingered my moisture; warned of pain and bleeding. I begged, 'fuck me, I love you'; he confessed love and thrust in for penetration; blunt splitting pain, barely the tip; I clung. He continued sex with controlled rhythm; I sobbed, he tasted my tears, went deeper gently then chased pace, pulled out to finish. For the second round, I tried to touch myself, he slapped my hand away, demanded I come on him; pinned me, kissed, thrust wildly, released inside. He offered paper towels for cleanup and parting, avoiding eye contact; I joked about the amount; he warned not to do it again soon, helped me stand, and we exited to the quiet corridor. One week later to the Ritz in Paris, filled with joy; I noted it was a cruel curse, my sworn betrothed back yesterday."}