{"narrative": "I recall our first intimate encounter, the clearest memory of those two nights together with the girl, hyper-aware of the deadly consequences if we were discovered. As Easter approached, the boy and girl ran away to the Ritz Paris, escaping for multiple intimate times, tasting crepes on the Champs-Elysees, all funded by her black card from her prominent family background, so different from his upper-middle class roots. Back at school, gossips spread instantly through the community—rumors circulated after their return; the girl was publicly humiliated by enemy girls, teachers whispered, parents were informed. The girl's parents remained neutral about their daughter's relationship status. But the boy's Chinese parents reacted furiously, viewing their son as degenerate, immediately transferring him to the US west coast and banning electronics until Ivy school admission. The narrator/analyst identifies the theme: Beautiful Person’s Anxiety, pointing out the anxiety in Darling’s Triumph from INTP’s infatuations, classmates’ mockery for fucking the Asian nerd, her narcissism and anxieties. The analyst locates existing instances in the text: 1. INTP’s erotic worship exposing aesthetic power and resentment; 2. Girls’ gossip about sex with the Asian nerd collapsing hierarchy; 3. Her narcissism collapse, maintaining ethereal look while suffering. The analyst defines Beautiful Person’s Anxiety as the existential burden of being symbolic, must embody the myth, fall beautifully; it drives self-punishment, silence, aesthetic pride. The analyst proposes weaving it in: 1. INTP inner monologue; 2. New mirror breakdown scene; 3. Flashback gossip; 4. Pregnancy monologue revision; name it philosophically. In Scene Two at a California freshman party, INTP (the boy) is asked after beers, 'You slept with a Russian model?'—he smiles but internally explodes, remembering her bleeding and true depth. INTP walks home alone, doesn't speak the rest of the party, walks home fantasizing not about sex but her pain, jasmine and blood. INTP makes a list: 1. Graduate early; 2. Internship with offshore funds; 3. Master valuation; 4. Move to Singapore/Shanghai; 5. Find her black card; 6. Buy the hotel; to own them instead of fighting."}