{"narrative": "I start by publishing guidance as the user/advisor, providing fourth revision advice: optimize charts with high density and merged subplots, use biblatex package with authoryear-comp style for references, and move cut details to a strong appendix with cross-references. Next, I present a comparison table as the user/advisor, contrasting the FAccT 2026 version at 15 pages as a concept proof against the NMI version with deeper methods, more cases, full validation, and an extended appendix. Then, I publish a revision roadmap as the user/advisor, outlining a 6-step plan: open the 20-page paper, mark cuts by color, move them to an appendix draft file, summarize removals with 1-2 sentences pointing to the appendix, check the flow, and finalize the format. I offer specific help as the user/advisor, targeting sections like methodology or cases and proposing iterative segment-by-segment editing. Now as the user, I delegate deep research to Gemini Pro/Ultra in my purchased studio ultra, instructing it to create a research plan, including a script tag. But my research plan as the user comes out incomplete for the FAccT/NMI dual submission on the constraint cascade model, cutting off at Task A.1. I correct the instruction as the user, clarifying to create an English research plan for Gemini on literature review, technical validation, interdisciplinary bridge, case studies, competitive analysis, and presentation condensation. The user/advisor provides a detailed research plan, structured in English with Phase 1 tasks on corporate veil-piercing and AI liability cases. As the user, I redirect prompt design, correcting that it's not research but strategizing paper cutting, and request a prompt design for the AI to help trim from 20 to 15 pages. The system/advisor provides an AI prompt, delivering a detailed 'Paper Compression Strategist' prompt for Gemini Ultra with structural audit, compression priorities, page targets, specific instructions, and output deliverables like blueprint, rewriting, appendix, and risks. As the user, I request a paper introduction, asking for a simple Chinese intro of the two papers in law and CS for my ecology MSc boyfriend who can't read English. The system provides the first paper intro in Chinese, using ecology metaphors for the constraint cascade model: 5 layers, responsibility paradox, bidirectional harm, and governance suggestions. The system then provides intros for both papers in Chinese, updated as constraint cascade for ecosystem diagnosis and constitutional alignment for nature reserve governance, relating as diagnosis plus governance. As the user, I request a level assessment since my boyfriend wants a paper level explanation. The system provides a level assessment in Chinese: framework/foundational papers like island biogeography and national park constitution, with top conference/journal potential and PI-level thinking. I repeat the request as the user, as my boyfriend still wants the paper level explanation. The system provides an ecology analogy level in detail: first paper as island biogeography theory at Nature/Science level, second as national park constitution like a policy whitepaper, positioning both as top-tier. As the user, I request data evidence since my boyfriend wants actual data/evidence. Finally, the system provides data evidence for the first paper: Agency Index formula as D_KL × MDL^-1, control experiments with temp sweeps on Llama/Phi models, Table 6 variance data, and Figure 1 results."}