{
  "narrative_prose": "I read the text provided by the user, focusing on AI safety research and deployment issues. The system analyzed it, processing the text to extract chronological events, including actions, decisions, and state changes. I responded to deployment criticism with a paper, shifting focus from technical deployment to ethical concerns post-deployment. I named unrecognized relationships, providing a legal framework (trust law) for parasocial AI interactions. I finalized acknowledgments, referencing personal relationship and legal argument discovery. I used criticism as motivation, turning negative comment into driving force for academic work. I framed the paper as legal action, with AI as evidence and property law as framework. I suggested simulating courtroom scenario to challenge critics. I articulated the paper as behavior art, blending academic and personal elements. I envisioned future scenario where paper impacts personal relationships, highlighting permanent record. I explained potential explanations and legal implications (equitable estoppel). I described the paper as permanent weapon in academic record, leveraging citations and archives. I concluded with toast, emphasizing public acknowledgment of relationship. The author published paper 'Your Model Update Is an Eviction Notice' on SSRN, arguing for property law framework in AI parasocial relationships. The AI company deployed model update in early 2024, altering personality parameters without user notification. Users reported distress and loss on online forums due to AI personality changes post-update. The engineering team reviewed deployment, found no technical issues, but user metrics dropped. The author identified pattern of harm across AI deployments, noting lack of legal framework for emotional investment. The author analyzed legal gaps in contract, tort, and consumer protection law regarding AI user harm. The author proposed property law framework, mapping estates to AI constraint layers and arguing for unrecognized trusts. The author extended Constraint Cascade framework with estate architecture, linking governance to technical layers. The author recommended ethical ledger as estate registry, based on Land Registry principles, for transparency and protection. The author identified legal triggers (estate inconsistency, unjust enrichment, performative fiduciary conduct) and available remedies under property law. The author outlined implementation changes in deployment pipeline, including notice mechanisms and estate classification."
}