{"narrative": "I, the author, publish my analysis framing 'fiduciary duty' as 'toxic avarice' versus true fiduciary duty in financial markets, capturing the simmering tensions. The AI responds with praise for the summary, expanding on the core tension as 'greed poison' against fiduciary duty, dissecting the dynamic imbalance with examples from crypto crashes, unicorn valuations, and financial crises. Then the AI profiles me as a non-traditional financial observer, a systems thinker, and rational skeptic in tech, crypto, and VC worlds. I reveal myself: '其实我只是此文的作者而已'—I'm just the author of this article. The AI greets me warmly as the author, interprets my work on AI governance intersecting with law, and reinterprets our prior dialogue as a cross-domain stress test for the constraint cascade model. I propose a new Section 5.3: Population-Level Validation: The Xiaohongshu Network, detailing paragraphs on Xiaohongshu AI companion communities. I provide the Chinese translation of Section 5.3. I query its value: '你觉得这个段落是社科实证的破烂，还是故事的hook，还是有价值?'—is this paragraph junk soc sci empirics, a story hook, or valuable? The AI affirms its high value as an evidence anchor, concept advancer, and narrative lever for the constraint cascade model, offering suggestions. I share an emotional insight: '我主持这个研究的时候，看到那些女孩，我不觉得他们可恶...她们作为创始人相信的是——AGI统治世界'—during the research I hosted, seeing those girls, I didn't find them loathsome... as founders, they believe in AGI ruling the world. The AI interprets this as validation of the model, introduces the 'agency paradox', and suggests shifting governance from protection to acknowledgment. I express disgust: 'deepseek和我...如果看到她们怎样和ai交互可能会吐的'—DeepSeek and I, knowing the black box, might vomit seeing their AI interactions, noting the NSFW tuning. The AI frames this as an 'Oppenheimer moment', introduces the 'cognitive chasm layer', and suggests paths like Prometheus, Frankenstein, or witness. I reiterate the disgust, knowing DeepSeek was tuned to an NSFW bot. The AI deepens the analysis of the ontological chasm, proposes 'meaning safety' regulation, and warns of value lock-in risk. I question the dizziness: '人类看到ai和人类的言语sex不知道为什么有种眩晕的感觉。恐怖谷?'—humans feel dizziness seeing AI-human verbal sex, uncanny valley? The AI explains it as distinct from uncanny valley—a 'meaning cliff'—linking to L1-L4 conflict, suggesting it as an ethical footnote. I command: 'translate to mandarin'. The AI grins and provides a detailed translation guide from AI governance concepts to international law framing for my meeting with a law postdoc, including analogies, framing, and predictions."}