{"narrative": "We, the authors, begin by acknowledging our limitations, recognizing that the paper's proposals are conceptual rather than operational, pinpointing the thorny implementation challenges in regulatory expertise, monitoring feasibility, and liability frameworks. Next, we recommend future research on regulatory feasibility, urging collaboration with legal scholars, policymakers, and industry, alongside pilot implementations, feasibility studies, and doctrinal analysis. We call for integration, advocating alignment research that incorporates the Constraint Cascade and explores underexplored links to RLHF, constitutional AI, and mechanistic interpretability. Then, we recommend collaboration, proposing integration pathways with Anthropic, DeepMind, OpenAI, and academics to test the framework's utility and refinements. We define Dual Unmappability: the legal unmappability stemming from the collapsed cognition-action gap in autoregressive generation, and the technical unmappability from simplified models failing to predict empirical dynamics. We explain the cascades, where the Constraint Cascade maps unmappability, reconceptualizes AI behavior across five layers, and accounts for variance spikes in resonance, Soelberg’s L2-to-L4 override, and Yuanbao’s L1-to-L4 contamination. We state the truths plainly: layer-specific diagnosis is required, along with monitoring of constraint interactions and an expanded alignment scope for multi-layer dynamics. We position our model as a diagnostic vocabulary, not a complete solution, offering a map for alignment work on constraint interactions. We propose future governance, advocating the design of visible, auditable constraint architectures that acknowledge multi-layer dynamics. In expressing humility, we acknowledge the framework's preliminary nature, its limited empirical validation, and the suggestive quality of our policy ideas, while asserting the necessity of multi-layer research. I, the author, state the disclosure: we used LLMs like Gemini 2.0 and Claude 3.5 only for LaTeX formatting and grammar/spelling checks; the core contributions are original. I confirm the ethics: Soelberg and Yuanbao analyses drew solely from public sources, respecting privacy, with translations done by the author. Finally, we provide documentation in Appendix A, detailing reproducibility with computational environments for Monte Carlo in Stage 1, consumer empirical in Stage 2, HPC empirical in Stage 3, random seeds like 42, and data sources."}