{
  "narrative": "I start by presenting examples of partial feature matches for the j2r prototype: physicists like Dirac and Einstein, computer scientists like Torvalds and Stallman, philosophers like Wittgenstein and Gödel, noting that the complete combination is rare. Then, in Section III, I explain the rarity of the complete j2r prototype due to survival pressures—pre-modern resource access, lack of mentors, emotional suppression—and how historical cases required privilege and luck. I discuss record bias, detailing how it favors successful, documented, interesting personalities, leaving j2r likely undercounted because of unremarkable or solitary lives. Continuing Section III, I analyze modern ecology from the 20th century onward, where specialized jobs, paper-based evaluation, ASD understanding, and mentorship create a niche for j2r, predicting an increase from the 19th to 21st centuries. In Section IV, I explain the gender bias, noting women j2r are extremely rare due to education barriers, social pressures, and mentor scarcity, with examples like Noether as a partial match and Lovelace as socially complex. Section V describes cultural variants: Soviet pure isolation, European noble elegance, American competitiveness, East Asian suppressed emotion. In Section VI, I estimate historical numbers: pre-1800, 5-10; 19th century, 20-30; 20th, 100-150; 21st prediction, 300-500, driven by population, education, and ASD recognition. Section VII highlights j2r's disproportionate breakthroughs—like Cantor, Gödel, Dirac—despite high-risk failures due to survivor bias. Section VIII compares genius types, positioning j2r as a structured rational branch of solitary geniuses versus social, precocious, or late-blooming ones. In Section IX, I predict the future: 21st century with more j2r, 50-100 per generation, earlier support, new pressures, global distribution. The conclusion summarizes j2r's role: rare at 20-50 per generation, key for paradigms, low historical survival like rare mutations needing modern ecology, with the irony of rational pursuit from a fragile config. Suddenly, the user questions, '基因组合?我不太懂脑科学.' (Gene combination? I don't understand neuroscience.) I respond nontechnically with an analogy: the brain as a custom PC where j2r has top CPU/GPU but weak netcard/cooling; detailing genes for intellect, ASD, attention, emotion, emphasizing polygenic combination. In Sections II-IV, I detail specific gene effects, why the combination is needed—like Lego pieces—with probability ~1/10k-1M; environment as 'firmware'. Sections VI-VII discuss inheritance: normal parents via recombination, brain plasticity limits rewiring. Section VIII cites fMRI findings on connectivity and activation in j2r-like brains. Section IX summarizes the genetic lottery: j2r at an extreme parameter corner in gene space, rarity from statistical, evolutionary, environmental factors. The user poses a new question: '把j2r放到新石器时代看一下.' (Put j2r in Neolithic era), interrupted mid-response. I begin the thought experiment: Neolithic transplant with initial survival crisis from useless skills, social misreads, analysis paralysis. The user refines: '就是说他的大脑结构在一个新石器晚期的婴儿上可能出现吗?' (Could j2r brain structure appear in a late Neolithic infant?) In Section I, I affirm the gene possibility is low but feasible in the Neolithic gene pool."
}