{"narrative": "I begin by presenting analysis, the AI diving into explaining '软通货' versus '本土语境' in humanities versus sciences, regional academic markets, and implications for China-US competition. Then I summarize the discussion, the AI recapping key frameworks from the dialogue: evaluation systems, organizational forms, global fusion logics. Next, the user requests a prompt, asking the AI to output its language style for future use. The AI provides the prompt, delivering a detailed language style prompt with role, core requirements, vocabulary, and output preferences. Now the user and AI engage in recommending universities, the user asking which top CS/AI university suits their thinking, the AI recommending CMU as primary, Stanford as backup, explaining why not MIT or Berkeley. They respond to the advisor together, the user mentioning the mentor advises staying at SJTU/DeepSeek, the AI analyzing it as a high-dimensional strategic choice, suggesting roles like system architect. The user and AI rank programs, the user preferring Cambridge CHIA/HFI or Oxford Ethics/HPS, the AI ranking Cambridge CFI #1, Oxford AI Ethics #2, providing a decision guide. They explain the difference, the user asking to explain Oxford AI Ethics vs Stanford HAI to their father, the AI using a metaphor of referee versus engine and providing a table. Evaluating Leiden, the user asks if Leiden eLaw is worth it, the AI assessing it as strong for EU rules but warning of a European-centric view. Discussing national duty, the user notes the Chinese expectation to stay for the country, the AI reframing it as paths of direct participation versus deep construction. An ethical dilemma arises, the user expressing desire to leave but uncertainty of return, the AI reframing as connection roles and suggesting a strategic alliance with the mentor. A humorous misread occurs, the user misreading Taleb as Tableau, the AI responding humorously and providing a Mermaid flowchart of role prototypes. They compare AI models, the user critiquing Grok/DeepSeek/Llama, the AI mapping them to career choices. The user questions the dataset, asking why open-source models have slow web access and training cutoff at 23/24 years. The AI explains the limits, detailing safety, cost, philosophy behind open-source web limits, stating its own cutoff at 2024-07. The user questions the corpus, referencing Stanford's claim that 70B/120B params equals all clean internet corpus, confusing params with data size. The AI clarifies concepts, distinguishing params versus tokens, estimating the internet corpus at trillions of tokens, explaining data bottlenecks. The user reiterates the question, repeating the corpus query and specifying hardware versus dataset limits. Finally, the AI analyzes bottlenecks, providing a table on data scarcity, training costs, diminishing returns as main limits, not just hardware or dataset."}