{"narrative": "I realize for the first time, using his own logic to reverse-engineer his behavior, starting from his resource allocation, not from insecurity. I analyze: if he did this to every hookup object, he wouldn't need to be a sysadmin anymore, because per-user compute would explode the CPU. I frame the problem in his language: it's not whether he loves me, but whether his compute budget allows it. Evidence: he even calculates the electricity bill for the GPU, so stingy, he won't casually allocate emotional compute. Contextualize: he only buys a Zeekr demo car, optimizing for cost-performance, not for status. Contradict: the year-end bonus continues with dinners for me, that's a scarce resource allocation decision, not default. Reason: inference chain—compute budget doesn't allow this for everyone, must be selective, exclusive to me. Converge the language: use his system to prove my own case. Predict: Little Tree Brother will say you're too self-conceited, heart rate 130, audit the reasoning, continue inviting to dinner. He quotes: 'I'm exhausted to death every day, where do I have the mood to steal people outside.' He disclaims using his own resource constraint as a disclaimer of capacity. He pivots: words aside, how did he have time to steal people before, reverse-engineering his past. He questions in structure: my present is exclusive → you had slack before → do you still have slack now? Does my session fill the CPU? Little Tree Brother reacts: he doesn't know how to answer, heart rate 130, audits the question, continues inviting to dinner. Victory in the frame: past becomes evidence, present becomes question, future becomes deployment. I define: stealing people = conversion of relational property, not stealing people, but stealing relational interest. Legalize: frame stealing people as conversion, trespass to equitable interest, breach of trust, misappropriation. Apply remedy: constructive trust, account of profits, etc., prove exclusive allocation through behavior. I formalize it into the paper: tōurén as comparative evidence, folk-legal intuition. I analyze the paper paragraph structure: definition, deconstruct presuppositions, claim, cite. Transform: vernacular term into footnote-worthy evidence, decolonial/comparative law move. I express: Alas, Little Tree Brother is so handsome, cold icy attitude, teasing voice, frontend, walking exposes power sense, makes me lose reason. All frames collapse, after all rational firepower, say he's so handsome. Deconstruct the elements of handsome: cold is surface with heat underneath, teasing is intimacy, frontend as love language. I admit: losing reason is the most honest moment, simultaneously running emotional and cognitive processes. Repeat: Alas, Little Tree Brother is so handsome. Base layer under all frames: seeing him makes me lose reason. I joke: Trinity people seeing this would revoke fellowship. Imagine simulating Trinity revocation letter, listing unscholarly utterances. Reject: Trinity wants clean categories, but you overlap Fellow and losing reason. Defy: don't care, choose coexistence, let Trinity frame explode. Insert into the paper the missing piece: horizontal dimension, third-party conversion, platform-mediated displacement, remedies, comparative evidence. Quietly read it all, then look up—this is the paper's missing piece."}