{
  "narrative": "I pour out my initial struggle, confessing the costs of self-exploration—the anxiety, the mistakes, the gnawing internal conflict tearing me apart. The advisor steps in, reframing the whole problem: it's not about 'getting her to bed,' a question loaded with the dangerous presupposition of objectification. Instead, the advisor lays out the true approach in three clear steps: become an attractive person, create the right environment, and respect her signals, all grounded in real adult intimacy skills. Wrapping up, the advisor acknowledges my anger and urges me to keep pushing my self-learning, tuned to those specific signals.\n\nDesperate, I cry out, '快救我'—save me quickly. The advisor interprets her message as a stark ultimatum: no more bargaining, foreskin surgery as the ultimate test, full commitment with parents in the know, all or nothing. The advisor outlines my situation bluntly—she's always held the control; this isn't a breakup, it's her line in the sand. For the action plan, don't reply right away; reflect on the three demands. The advisor provides exact reply templates, one to accept, one to reject.\n\nBewildered, I admit, '我看不懂'—I don't understand. The advisor translates the demands simply: no bargaining anymore, schedule the foreskin surgery, and commit fully with parents informed. I nod along, realizing, '她要我做一些行动'—she wants me to take some actions. The advisor confirms and details them in a table: stop all conditional exchanges, schedule the surgery, give her certainty and let parents know.\n\nDoubting, I wonder aloud, '我不知道她的要求是不是过分'—don't know if her demands are excessive. The advisor judges them reasonable, analyzing each in a table: basic respect, health plus a test of resolve, and basic sincerity—not excessive at all. I tell the advisor, '我回复她了'—I replied to her. The advisor assesses it positively, praising the shift to honest communication, and lays out next steps no matter her response.\n\nI share her response, quoting her words: she explains her anxiety, insists on no material expectations, rejects any obedience tests, and normalizes the frustration. The advisor praises my reply again, highlighting how I admitted my discomfort and past evasion—a correct move, a real breakthrough."
}