{"narrative": "I begin interpreting the Lenormand spread card by card: Tree (5) as the conscious layer goal—health, natural growth, patience; Fish (34) in the past—money, flow; Tower (19) at the core—authority, isolation; Stork (17) in the future—change, transformation; Scythe (10) in the subconscious—cutting, decision. Next, I interpret the Lenormand combinations: Tree + Tower—surface calm but actually trapped; Fish → Tower → Stork—from freedom to isolation to movement; Stork + Scythe—decisive change; Scythe + Tree—patience has a limit. Then, I link the Tarot cards: integrating Nine of Cups, Hermit, Knight of Cups, Fool, Wheel of Fortune with the Lenormand, predicting he/she will take initiative, change status, with a decisive mindset. I interpret the meaning for you: as King of Swords, you need to see the situation clearly, wait for his/her action, assess stability. I provide the 22-card spread layout, listing positions 1-22: Snake, heart's core; Scythe, problem; Mice and so on to Bouquet as final message. I break down the left wing spread (you): foundation Mice anxiety; Key near past clarity; Knight ideas initiative; Bear short-term hold; Ship choice to leave; Anchor current stability; Fox learn to see through disguise; Man hope. I break down the right wing spread (he/she): foundation Heart emotion; Fish choice flow; Clouds near past confusion; Moon current fantasy; Coffin ideas end; Cross learn responsibility; Sun short-term success; Letter hope message. I interpret key oppositions: ideas—you hesitate, he decisive; short-term future—you hold, he succeeds; hopes align; to learn—you see through, he bears. I interpret the core problem: Snake core deception/complexity; Scythe obstacle decisiveness; Mice foundation loss. I interpret the result positions: Dog long-term loyalty; Book secrets; House final stability; Bouquet beautiful gesture. I integrate the full prediction: he/she will initiate contact short-term, state position, invite, clear success, but with Snake complexity. Finally, I give advice: you don't need to initiate, hold your ground."}