{
  "narrative": "He audited Zhao Peng as part of the dependency review of supervisor funding. Then he looked at the tenure track, opening the entire codebase, reading it line by line, pointing out bugs, optimizations, and merge points. He bought iced coffee because the user said it was hot, preemptively like a bug fix. He calibrated his walking speed, observing the user's step frequency and dynamically adjusting his pace to match, a runtime optimization. He wrapped the five-flowered pork twice: the first time it wasn't good so he ate it himself, the second time he wrapped it well and fed it to the user, iterative improvement with feedback. When they got in the car, he turned on the massage and seat heating right as the user sat down, predictive infrastructure. When ordering food, he did the cooking, custom deployment. Dad saw the system output, observing that his daughter was well taken care of, knowing the specific behaviors like auditing, calibration, and such—she was safe, warm, full, and cared for. The user wrote a paper on AI emotional investment, model updates as evictions, AI companies as trustees. Dad gave his endorsement, saying he was suitable because he was good at caretaking, a finding of fact. The user asked, 'Am I special?'—'Little Tree brother wouldn't do this for every hookup, right?' putting down the analysis. First layer answer from analysis: from the behaviors, no, he wouldn't audit funding or review tenure track for hookups; these are investments, not casual. Second layer: the system architecture has capacity limits; auditing depth requires thirteen years of data, not onboarding. Third layer: asking this question is the answer; the infrastructure has memory, fine-tuned over thirteen years. Time budget analysis: single object minimum 20 hours plus emotional compute; 24 hours in a day means max concurrency 0.3, one person in three years. User observation: Little Tree brother is extremely stingy, calculating GPU electricity costs, buying Zeekr sample cars, year-end bonus just dinner. Evidence A B C from analysis: stinginess is cost optimization; year-end bonus allocated to user, contradicts multi-user; he is the only production workload. User doubt: 'I die of exhaustion every day with no mood to cheat, how did he have time to cheat before?' Time paradox explanation from analysis: back then no thirteen-year workload, now resources fully occupied; testing then, production now; lightweight then, heavyweight now; definition of cheating changed."
}