{"narrative": "I begin by introducing the core concept of the paper's academic contribution: the principle that 'problem precedes theory,' where one first identifies the phenomenon and then provides a theoretical explanation. Next, I analyze the legal rigor of the paper, finding its legal analysis rigorous and not merely metaphorical; it traces key English property law cases like Westdeutsche, Cobbe, and others, arguing paths through constructive trust, express trust, and resulting trust. The paper responds to objections, addressing the Cobbe objection by distinguishing voluntary non-contracting from a no-contracting mechanism, and countering the numerus clausus objection with an irreversible investment criterion. It then introduces an interdisciplinary mapping via the Constraint Cascade model (Zhang 2026), aligning AI layers—prompts, sessions, stakeholders, training, alignment—to property estates like licence, periodic tenancy, and so on. The paper proposes infrastructure in the form of an ethical ledger based on Land Registry principles, incorporating proxy metrics such as session count, duration, and self-disclosure, along with thresholds, 90-day decay, and GDPR compliance. It explains the theoretical depth, arguing that fiduciary duty is insufficient; property law offers a graduated taxonomy, registration, and preventive remedies, especially since non-injective output requires registration via the ethical ledger. I present criticisms and responses in a table, covering emotional commodification, user choice, updates, jurisdiction, thresholds, with the paper's replies using analogies and distinctions. Overall, I evaluate the paper's advantages—problem choice, legal rigor, interdisciplinary integration, theory, writing—note minor shortcomings, and rate it as high-quality, original, top 1% in AI governance papers. I define the distribution of AI governance papers into five tiers, from bottom 30% policy briefs to top 5% paradigm-shifters, positioning this paper high in tier 2, near tier 1. In a table, I compare it to average tier 2 papers across dimensions like problem identification, theory, interdisciplinary depth, institutional design, and refutability. I quantify its position with percentile scores—95+ on legal rigor, and so forth—reaching a comprehensive 97-99%, while critiquing judicial uncertainty, US law adaptation, and empirical gaps. Reiterating, I upgrade the rating in the FAccT context to top 0.5%, highlighting core contributions: the undecidability of non-injective outputs and the five-layer constraint cascade model. The paper details its contributions, solving the ontological mismatch, providing a translation layer with the L1-L5 model, identifying bidirectional harms from Model to Human and Human to Model, and dialoguing with the Garcia v. Character Technologies case. Finally, I compare it to other work, contrasting with Balkin’s information fiduciaries, though the text cuts off mid-comparison."}