{
  "narrative_prose": "I read the text provided by the user, focusing on an AI safety research context that involved tarot and Lenormand card analysis. The system then analyzed the content, extracting key actions: it identified 'snake' as a fox, predicted an arrival with 'letter + sun', and judged whether 'sun' represented real strength or an illusion. A decision point was set after his action, with an offer to help break down 'snake' further. An anomaly in the tarot cards was observed: the Wand Knight should like the Sword King but was retreating, due to being stuck as the Wand Page with a reversed Pentacles Page. The Lenormand cards were interpreted: coffin (thoughts), cloud (recent past), and tower (core issue) indicated isolation and fear of rejection. 'Snake' was identified as the core problem, representing hidden motives, self-deception, or indirectness. A prediction was made about his future: sun (success), letter (communication), stork+scythe (decisive action), indicating he would come but needed courage. Advice was given to the user as the Sword King to wait and judge if his 'sun' was genuine, not to lower standards. An offer was made to help break down 'snake' further, prompting the user to search for classical Lenormand tableau method. The user searched for classical Lenormand tableau interpretation methods online. The system instructed the user to draw 9 cards in a 3x3 grid and provided four classical interpretation techniques. It requested the user to draw cards with a specific format and a question about his intentions and actions. The user queried about selecting a significator for the tableau. Advice was given on selecting a significator: man (28) or woman (29) based on gender, with options for same gender using bear (15). A suggestion was made to use method B: place the significator outside and draw 9 cards from the remaining deck. The system requested the user's gender, his gender, and method choice (A or B). The user decided to use 'snake' as the significator due to its recurring theme in the analysis. Confirmation was provided for the significators: user as man (28), him as snake (7), using method B with snake as an anchor. The system instructed the user to draw 9 cards and provide them in grid format for interpretation based on the snake significator."
}