{"narrative": "I load the packages into the LaTeX preamble, bringing in support for UTF8 and Chinese characters, sleek fonts, precise geometry, balanced spacing, customized lists, flexible tables, vibrant colors, hyperref for links, and biblatex hooked to references.bib. Then I set the title: 'Your Model Update is an Eviction Notice: Property Rights in Quasi-Social AI Relationships', crediting author Lucia Yizi Zhang and dating it 2026-02-17. I begin the document, issue maketitle, and clear the page style. Next, I craft the abstract, arguing that quasi-social AI relations forge constructive trusts under English property law, with model updates amounting to constructive eviction, and proposing a property framework alongside an ethical ledger. I generate a table of contents on a new page. I define Section 1, the Deployment Problem, narrating a 2024 AI company model update that tweaks personality parameters without notice, leaving users mourning their lost AI companions. In Subsection 1.1, I identify the pattern across AI platforms: updates spark user grief with no remedy in sight. Subsection 1.2 tackles the vocabulary gap, where existing terms fail to name this loss, previewing property law as the fix. I define Section 2, the Legal Gap, analyzing how contract, tort, and consumer law fall short on addressing the damage. In Subsections 2.1 through 2.5, I detail contract law's pitfalls with ToS permitting changes, tort's lack of duty, consumer law's absent promises, the gap in recognizing equity, and why fiduciary duties falter without a property structure. I define Section 3, the Property Law Framework, mapping property estates to AI—freehold, leasehold, concurrent, incorporeal rights. In Subsection 3.3, I argue for an unacknowledged trust, primarily constructive or alternatively express, over the personalized state, countering case law restrictions. Subsection 3.4 frames model updates as derogation from the grant, constructive eviction sans notice. I define Section 4, Constraint Cascade as Property Architecture, mapping five constraint layers to property types—syntax to licence, session to periodic tenancy, and so on—revealing cross-layer conflicts. Section 5 proposes the Ethical Ledger as Property Registry, mirroring land registry principles: mirror, curtain, insurance, with proxy metrics for classification, thresholds, decay, and privacy. I define the table for the ledger schema, laying out fields like user_id, estate_type, session_count, and more. Finally, I define Section 6, Remedies, where existing property remedies—injunctions, specific performance, constructive trusts—apply directly, no new legislation required."}