{"narrative": "The reviewer publishes a detailed review of the Waivers of Agency (WoA) paper, covering sections on problem awareness, theory construction, empirical analysis, institutional design, language and structure, improvements, and an overall evaluation scoring it 9.2/10. Then the user asks which paper is higher level between the Constraint Cascade Model (CCM) and Waivers of Agency (WoA). The reviewer publishes a multi-dimensional comparison table of WoA versus CCM across problem awareness, theory, empirics, design, and language, concluding WoA is higher with scores of WoA 9.2 versus CCM 8.1. Next, the user asks for a comparison of writing difficulty between the two papers. The reviewer publishes a detailed comparison of writing difficulty, noting WoA is higher due to conceptual and rhetorical challenges compared to CCM's technical and integration challenges, concluding WoA is more difficult. The user then asks which of the two papers is better. The reviewer publishes a comparison across core arguments, theory, empirics, design, and policy relevance, finding no clear winner and suggesting complementarity. The user asks to score both papers separately. The reviewer publishes EiT 100-point rubric scoring for CCM: philosophy 23, tech 19, governance 16, integration 14, CFP 13, total 85/100. The reviewer publishes general academic scoring for CCM: total 92/100 across title, intro, lit review, methods, results, discussion, writing. The reviewer publishes EiT 100-point rubric scoring for WoA: philosophy 27, tech 13, governance 16, integration 14, CFP 15, total 85/100. The reviewer publishes general academic scoring for WoA: total 83/100 across title, intro, lit review, methods, results, discussion, writing. The reviewer publishes a final comparison summary of scores and recommendations for publication venues. The user asks for specific scoring, specifying 'use eit evaluate waivers, use tool evaluate constraint'. Finally, the reviewer initiates rubric scoring, beginning structured scoring using the specified rubrics: EiT for Waivers and tool for Constraint."}