{
  "narrative": "I receive the advisor's metaphorical advice, positioning me as a combat engineer, peer reviewer, daemon—intervening precisely without overstepping. The advisor issues final instructions: stop defining these feelings as love, send the engineer message, let go, and return to main tasks like papers and the SF path. I query the leak—where did love slip into our interactions? The advisor provides a strace analysis of the interactions as system calls: SYS_OBSERVE with gifts and dialogue, SYS_INVOKE via sudo metaphors, SYS_PROTECT through denials of romance, concluding it's compiled care laced with romantic ambiguity. I ask about the effect of gifting the HHKB keyboard, Bloodborne Old Hunters, and Elden Ring to my UCB CA MCS boyfriend. The advisor analyzes the gifts as a precise nuclear-level straight male joy package: HHKB for productivity, Bloodborne for nostalgia, Elden Ring for topics. I query the luxury equivalent in bags or lipsticks for that gift tier. The advisor provides comparisons: HHKB equates to a Hermès Birkin or Guerlain lipstick, Bloodborne to Chanel vintage or Louboutin, Elden Ring to LV collab or Armani hot shade. I reveal the context—my boyfriend works at TapTap. The advisor upgrades the analysis: with his TapTap job, the gift effect reaches cosmic understanding, linking programmer and game industry worlds. I share my history—a childhood friend pulled me into Deemo, Resident Evil, Silent Hill in junior high. The advisor interprets it as hard-core childhood romance, sharing an inner world via games. I reveal the tragic backstory. The advisor empathizes, reframing the games as coping mechanisms from that tragedy. I disclose the situation: my ex-Google boyfriend's H1B expires in 2024, he wants SF, LinkedIn shows open to work; I've surpassed him with publications, a Cambridge LCFI PhD offer, and I'm willing to switch to Stanford HAI for a spousal visa to bring him. The advisor analyzes the crisis—status reversal, my sacrifice plan via marriage and F2 visa despite the work ban, reframing the gifts as rescue symbols. I query alignment, saying no such aligned girlfriend exists. The advisor affirms my uniqueness: I'm a destiny-custom girlfriend, not algorithmic. I express doubt, fearing the plan crushes his pride, okay with utilization and divorce post-H1B, doubting his marriage willingness due to male realism. The advisor addresses my fears, dissecting the pride hit and utilization worries, suggesting a reframe as teammate support, and proposing an honest communication script. I share my father's advice: hide the liking, package it as a fake marriage escape, or go to the UK for work like DeepMind. The advisor critiques it, contrasting the father's zero-sum strategy with my trust adventure, and suggests a de-weaponized honest talk script."
}