{"narrative": "I present my initial points 1-3: unicorn companies in private markets are being restructured, sold off, or closed, with minorities retained due to strategic assets, and I conclude with an explanation of the filtering system. Then I ask: In a 5-year stalemate, is the pressure greater on investors or investees? You analyze the pressure dynamics over 5 years across financial, control, and time dimensions, concluding that investees—the founders—bear greater pressure. I request historical success cases of near-dead unicorns that survived. You detail the cases: Tesla from 2008-2013, Amazon in the 1990s-2000s, and Instagram post-2012 acquisition. I make the insight that these success cases are textbook survivors, not suitable for reality due to survivor bias. You expand on this, agreeing and explaining survivor bias, why it's not replicable, and giving practical advice on assets, key figures, and exit plans. I gain the understanding of the need for constant asset liquidity in finance. You confirm and deepen this, explaining liquidity as breathing, risk transfer, and mappings to personal, commercial, and system levels. I fill in the blank: When even investment banks can't bear risk, you just (small scale short-selling forced sales, large scale runs). You fill it as 'systemic collapse' and detail the micro to macro logic chain. I refine the question: it's a market confidence issue, when banks/gamblers can't bear risk, you just (fill blank). You fill it as 'reach absolute boundary of risk capacity', layering on pricing failure, systemic issues, and implications. I ask: Check crypto's current situation. You analyze crypto as not at the boundary, in institutional maturation, with opportunities in utility, risks in valuations, and citations. I question the scatter: why does crypto attract so many retail investors? I attribute it to social media, pandemic boredom, poor real economy, low barriers. You explain retail attraction, agreeing on the surface but deepening to narrative engines, pull-up-dump, anti-establishment vibes, concluding it's an optimized speculation system. I ask where the money goes: Many retail hold zeroed coins; where did the money evaporate to? You explain it's a wealth transfer to insiders, platforms, smart money, including a Mermaid diagram, detailing mechanisms as a negative sum game. I mention my observation: I know people using A100 clusters for mining. You explain this as an institutional arms race in AI/ZK projects, with drivers, impacts, and new value transfer. Finally, I make the insight: the finance/commerce curse is 'no morals', and the lifeline is 'fiduciary duty'. You expand the metaphor, detailing 'no morals' as a value-neutral engine and curse in finance."}