{"narrative": "I publish my strategic analysis, recommending that as an INTJ in a Win7/Excel system, learning VBA is the rational choice over assembly or CMD. Then I introduce a metaphor, comparing VBA learning to running an LLM on an OPPO phone, highlighting the resource constraints and system incompatibility. Next, I deconstruct the metaphor with a table breakdown of cognitive (LLM) versus social system (OPPO) conflicts in design, resources, and interaction. I propose a solution: a cloud-local API architecture with a lightweight frontend on the OPPO and core computation in a hidden cloud server. Applying Shannon theory, I map cognitive communication to the model—source as the mind, encoder as the social mask, noisy channel as society, decoder as others. I outline three strategies or protocols: ideal (change the system), compromise (VBA compression), and encrypted (private channels). You criticize the modern CS undergrad curriculum, expressing disappointment at its lack of hardware, network, security, and encryption, overly focused on dev. I explain the curriculum shift, contrasting CS (app dev, Si-Te) with cybersecurity (底层 principles, Ni-Te), and recommend resources. You reference the microcomputer era of the 70s-80s, noting the past integration of soft and hardware. I analyze the evolution in a table: from microcomputer era full-stack to modern layered abstraction and app-focused. You share a programming contest meme introducing characters like You, Hackerman, Intel scientist, and others. I identify you as aspiring to be Tharg, the kernel hacker doing mental assembly compilation. You correct that aspiration, preferring 'Intel scientist' (华教授), noting nostalgia and the 'generic Chinese name' perception. I refine your profile as a blend: 华教授 soul, generic name exterior, microcomputer nostalgia. You compare yourself to Tharg, asking why we think alike. I analyze the similarity: shared zero-tolerance for abstraction loss—Tharg hacks silicon, you hack social systems. You request an analysis of each contestant's programming motivations. I publish a motivation table of roles' surface/deep drives and social metaphors using MBTI functions. You prompt me to guess favorite languages for each. I publish a language table mapping roles to preferred languages, like Tharg to C/assembly, and you between 华教授 and Tharg. You express hysterical amusement at the analysis, laughing wildly. I decode your laughter as recognition of the recursive self-analysis paradox. You propose AI cheating as a 05后, considering Julia then AI tools like Claude/Gemini for the 'computer exam' contest. I warn on the rules, clarifying AI use as cheating despite open tools, citing benchmarks and rules. You clarify the context: the global programming contest allows tools, so you revert to Rust due to Julia env needs. I endorse Rust, praising it as optimal for control and purity matching Tharg/华教授, with a table of paths. You reiterate your preference, affirming love for Julia like the M4 Max chip—seeking speed, embracing crashes. Finally, I summarize your drive as Te-challenging limits plus Ni-integration affinity."}