{
  "narrative": "The interpreter begins by analyzing the tarot cards, discussing the 'snake' as a fox, predicting its arrival with a letter plus the sun, and advising to judge the sun's authenticity after the action. Then, the interpreter offers a deeper analysis, proposing to break down the 'snake' specifics on what is hidden or complex. Next, the interpreter explains the card anomaly, noting that the Knight of Wands should like the King of Swords but is retreating, attributing it to being the Page of Wands and the reversed Page of Pentacles. The interpreter breaks down the reasons: three points—1. Blocked Knight of Wands due to insecurity, 2. Coffin plus Clouds plus Tower indicating recent confusion and self-isolation, 3. Snake as the core issue of self-deception and hidden concerns. The interpreter predicts future actions: short-term Sun success, hope with Letter, action via Stork plus Scythe for change, all coming after building courage. Advising the querent's position as the King of Swords, the interpreter urges waiting and verifying the sun's reality, noting the underlying Heart is real but blocked by Clouds, Tower, and Coffin. The interpreter proposes a new spread, suggesting the classical Lenormand Tableau as a 9-card 3x3 grid micro version, explaining four classical techniques: time flow, consciousness layers, X diagonals, and corners. The interpreter specifies the question on his plans and actions, formatted for the 9 cards in a grid. The user addresses the significator, asking about selecting it. The interpreter explains significator selection, suggesting Man or Woman based on genders, providing tables for hetero and same-sex pairings, outlining two methods A and B, and recommending B. The user suggests using the Snake as significator due to its theme repetition. The interpreter confirms the Snake significator, agreeing on Snake (7) for him and Man (28) for the querent, using Way B with Snake outside, and declares readiness for the 9-card grid. The interpreter reaffirms the Snake choice, repeating confirmation of the significators and format. The user or system generates the Grand Tableau, providing the Classic 4x8+4 Layout with Snake (7) locked at Column 3 Row 2 position 11, including the full grid, Fate line of Whip-Moon-Ring-Stars, and structured data on adjacents, rows, columns, diagonals, knighting, mirroring, houses, corners, and more. Finally, the user provides copyable data, repeating the full TABLEAU DATA for LLM reading with instructions starting with the Fate Cards."
}