{
  "narrative": "I start by publishing structured product reviews for sunscreen and UV products numbered 7 to 13, detailing their features, ingredients, sensations, specs, and ratings. Then I publish a summary of all 13 UV products, highlighting their unique technologies and ingredients, and inviting comments and subscriptions. 小真理子 begins the video transcript, greeting the audience and introducing a special on 2026 whitening products for achieving fair skin in spring and summer. She explains the trends, highlighting penetration tech and micro-liposome tech, along with 'cellular whitening' derived from cell-level research to prevent tanning. She introduces Product 1, starting with the Eliser Brightening lotion that's refreshing and the emulsion that's moisturizing, mentioning these four types as upgraded products. She references research, citing a Medic study on top skin concerns like spots and freckles, lack of firmness, and the desire for transparent skin. She details the mechanism, explaining how melanin blocks light reflection in the epidermis and collagen laxity in the dermis, then introduces Collagenesis X, MSK, M component, and 4MSK for dual whitening and firming effects. She praises the product, highlighting accessible Shiseido research, the simple 2-step routine, and the national brand's responsibility for transparent skin. She recommends it for Eliser newbies, low-interest skincare users, and those integrating daily beauty, noting the affordable price and easy-to-use texture. She moves on to introduce Product 2, the Decorte White Logist Chronogenesis Brightening Concentrate essence with 1.8x the 'process' that inhibits tyrosinase in the epidermis. She explains the dermal tech, detailing the 'skin color maintenance factor' to inhibit melanin in the dermis, for a dual epidermis-dermis approach. She introduces the variants, mentioning the regular version and the Intensive Brightening Mask with 2.5x the process for post-UV use, not combinable with the essence. She details the effects, noting how the mask inhibits excess melanin and how the factor, reduced in spots, when increased prevents recurrence from the root. She shows the texture of the 1.8x essence: refreshing, with a whitening essence feel and good penetration. She recommends it for those wanting intensely transparent skin, spot fading, and higher transparency, giving her personal endorsement for its non-irritating whitening. Finally, she praises its usability, noting the good penetration, non-heavy feel, and daily convenience."
}