{"narrative": "The user presents the initial quote on LLM internal state determinism: 'The internal state $h_t$ of the LLM is a deterministic function of the exogenous context sequence $X_t$. [...] $H(h_t \\mid X_t) = 0$'. I assess this statement as strictly correct under pure inference mode, constituting irrefutable structural evidence. I anticipate potential reviewer rebuttals like dropout/quantization noise and temperature sampling randomness. I provide defenses: dropout is disabled in inference as exogenous entropy, and sampling randomness occurs at the observation layer S, not the representation layer h_t. I endorse the 'Mens Rea' term in the title and intro, strict EIS in the body, and suggest an Abstract/Introduction translation statement. I resolve the comparison by confirming Active Inference for WP2, anticipating anti-Friston rebuttals, and providing a sufficient condition lower-bound proof response. I defend the scratchpad/memory modules as exogenous X_t extensions, not irreducible latent I_t. I assess the section's integration with the main theorem: internal no EIS leads to intermediate observation loss and output patch exhaustion. I declare the revised section a highlight that elevates the theory via Active Inference and suggest a dropout footnote. The user requests a paper architecture reorganization to prove 'AI mens rea not applicable to human psychology' and shut down 'AI have emotions' claims. I propose a 7-section architecture: Title/Abstract → Intro → Background → Internal Impossibility → External Impossibility → Synthesis → Discussion/Conclusion. I explain the closure through internal EIS denial plus external patch impossibility, covering all attribution paths. I suggest toning down provocative language for reviewers. I offer to draft Section 5 (Synthesis) and mention recommending rigorous options. The user poses Question 2/2: how to justify the transition from intentional attribution to semantic-invariance testing on the external route. I provide the transition justification via the 'strict route': EIS absence → intent via context format only → semantic invariance as surrogate → prove surrogate unachievable. I present the final architecture with a LaTeX transition subsection connecting internal to external routes. I justify the rigor through ontology vs epistemology separation, preempting strawman and mixed-architecture rebuttals. I suggest titles and abstracts emphasizing the twofold impossibility. I provide a checklist confirming the closed-loop structure of the architecture. Finally, the user presents the NeurIPS 2026 draft LaTeX with title, abstract, intro, and preliminaries implementing the suggested architecture."}