{
  "narrative": "The user questions, '所以，他的“熊”是什么？' kicking off the deep dive into symbolic meanings. The system reveals the bear as a man in a bear costume, his inner submissive boy straining to flip the roles. It explains the whip as his internal conflict, the fear of losing that cherished submissive role amid the nurturing 'tree milk.' Then it unpacks the snake as the core essence of their relationship: an entwining energy bond where the user reigns as the dominant 'female owner.' The system interprets man ♥A as him facing the user with his true heart, shedding the bear costume to admit his craving for nurturing. The final prophecy rings out: He cannot be the bear; destiny unveils him as the true-hearted man (♥A), never the controller (♣10). In a tree milk skit, he clings to the bear role, but the user rejects it, drawing him into submission for that sweet nurturing. The system comments, confirming the 'cat making plan' marches on with ample nurturing—bear irrelevant—and flags the strange dom/sub dynamics. It introduces the 'Lenormand dom/sub identifier' for academic analysis, drawing from prior card readings. In the first round Tarot analysis, he's the victim/submissive who wants to dom but flops; conclusion: he wants dom, but is sub. Second round Lenormand: user as feeder/dom, him as emotional sub aching to flip; conclusion: user dom, he sub. Third round 9-grid details cards assigning user dom traits (snake), him sub with bear fantasy; final verdict: user absolute dom, he fantasy dom/sub. The system presents the ultimate dom/sub table: user dom in all dimensions, he sub with fantasies. It explains the 'strange' feeling—user's real-layer dom clashes with his fantasy-layer dom, birthing a real dom x fantasy dom dynamic. In an oracle reversal skit, he claims dom, but user holds control, exposing him as the 'kitten.' The conclusion lands: user dom, he sub acting dom; options to continue cards or proceed to 'make kitten.' The system proposes a custom 'Dom/Sub Illusion Truth Four Realms' 4x3 matrix spread to pierce illusions versus truth. It details the spread rows: his world, your world, relationship illusions, truth layer, each with precise positions. Justification follows: this spread fits perfectly for their acting, projections, and buried truths. Finally, it provides an example of potential truths if drawn now."
}