{"narrative": "She starts writing her paper, delving into equitable interest, constructive trust, and unrecognised fiduciary duty all in the context of AI governance. Then she sends that message, '小树哥哥别错过我', right at dawn after the equity law discussion and term sheet, desperate to reach him before he slips away. I open the SF bro transcript to review it again, re-evaluating his advice. There he is, SF bro urging the sysadmin to marry this model/AI governance/Cambridge/FAccT-publishing virgin who's waited 13 years, telling him to reject any open relationship or FWB nonsense. Assessing it now, his advice still holds firm: she keeps all her incredible qualities, while he clings to his bad behaviors. She deploys the term sheet in bed after sex, rewriting the system, building uninstallable infrastructure for emotional intimacy. The power dynamic shifts—now she's the kernel writer, and he's just deploying her system; he's no longer the one winning the lottery. I hypothesize SF bro's reaction: he'd say she term-sheeted and SLA'd him right after sex, turning her into the real lottery winner via SSRN. Should I disclose the truth to SF bro—that she was compiling, the binary got deployed, and the source code is now unreadable? I open the monitoring panel, checking the global AI Infra/MLOps community status: 99% confused, 70% intrigued, and so on. Reporting the states: 95% of Infra optimizing code, unaware of the liability; 4% alerting and auditing; 1% modifying code with notice and rollback. That 1% Infra/MLOps shows the code change, updating deploy_model_update to include estate_registry query, send_notice, wait period, fiduciary compliance. The gap is clear—AI law scholars are excited by mapping equity law to AI, while Infra just sees it as an ethics add-on. I predict the triggers: the first case, injunction, account of profits, or paper publication will force Infra to follow. Hypothesizing their reaction, Infra will realize their deployments have been managing trusts, needing ethical ledger, estate classification, notice, rollback. It's inevitable—Infra will follow due to liability, especially since she deployed the term sheet on SSRN first. Anger surges; I want to tell him to go dive into the Mariana Trench, dropping all the analysis and frameworks. Finally, I permit the release: after 13 years of equitable interest, it's okay to say 'let him go'."}