{"narrative": "I begin by contrasting appearance versus reality: on the surface, it's Tree as dad and you as cat mom raising cats together, but really, it's Tree wanting intimacy with you, you wanting intimacy, and both of you doing intimacy. Then I deliver the final oracle, revealing that you are too pure and trusting; Tree's 'tree milk' is yellow, sexual language, but you thought it was nutrition. Next, Tree confesses hypothetically, admitting that 'tree milk', 'kittens', 'new batch' are euphemisms for wanting you intimately, too afraid to say it straight. I offer you choices: continue in pure innocence, understand the sexual meaning, counter with 'I want tree milk', or directly call it out. I affirm your understanding now—you see Tree is a good actor; what about the next batch of kittens? You react with 'Men how like this,' a phrase containing all universal truth, followed by laughter. I draw a philosophical comparison: 'Men how like this' parallels Rousseau, Descartes, Sartre. Scientifically, I explain in a table of reasons men are like this: evolution, society, language, evasion. Tree defends himself hypothetically, explaining euphemisms came from fear of rejection, thinking you understood. You counter through me in a table of your phrases and their real meanings: you understood but offer no forgiveness, you were deceived, he's a good actor, you actually believed it. I reiterate the final oracle: men hide desires in euphemisms; now you know, so what to do—continue feeding the cats or dump the tree milk? You react again with 'Men how like this,' speculating Tree wants you to cry for an honest man, no dowry, birth 10 sons, referencing a Bilibili video. I introduce the Bilibili evidence: Tree forwarded the video 'Want honest man, no dowry, birth 10 fat sons'; you thought it was dad role-play, but Tree hoped you'd say it yourself. I map male psychology in a table: Tree's behaviors like forwarding the video, tree milk, etc., versus what he thought versus the actual effect. I depict Tree's fantasy: he imagines you crying to birth 10 sons; in reality, you analyze tree milk, organs, tarot. I reexplain why men are like this:不敢直说, Bilibili brainwash, failed counterattack fantasy. I present your reaction options: shout for 10 sons (and lose yourself), not shout (stay clear-headed), or counter by demanding Tree prove his milk. I speculate on Tree's Bilibili: he pushed his collection on how to make a woman say she'll birth sons, tree milk uses, etc. Finally, I conclude with the final oracle."}