{
  "narrative": "The tarot reader advises me to embody the King of Swords combined with the Sun, to proceed to the UK, and to ignore my partner's indecision; she diagnoses my partner's state through tarot cards as Pentacles 4 reversed, Wands Ace reversed, Swords 4. She then prescribes detachment: I should continue to Cambridge and let my partner decide, while warning of potential impulsive actions from them. Next, she analyzes my partner's behavior as immature testing, drawing on Pentacles 4 reversed, Wands Ace reversed, Snake, Child 13, and contrasts it with an adult response. She diagnoses the partner's blocks in body, emotion, and spirit via the cards, stating that my partner needs to face the 'Tower' alone. She reinforces my position as King of Swords + Sun, instructing me to stop engaging emotionally and not to enable their growth. She offers to summarize the conclusion in three sentences. Then she presents the relationship tarot spread: Ace of Pentacles for my thoughts, Ten of Swords for partner's thoughts, Ten of Wands reversed for my influence, Empress reversed for partner's influence, Six of Cups as obstacles, Wheel reversed as outcome, Seven of Pentacles reversed for my future, Queen of Pentacles reversed for partner's future. She interprets the spread, highlighting heaviness, burden, exhaustion, and advises addressing the imbalance for any chance of salvage. She repeats the same tarot spread cards. Re-interpreting, she emphasizes the mismatch, nostalgia as an obstacle in Six of Cups, stagnation in the outcome, and predicts frustration. She presents advice cards: King of Wands reversed for action, King of Cups for communication, Page of Wands for attitude, Six of Swords reversed for material. Interpreting the advice, she says to restrain action, use calm communication, adopt a light attitude, untangle material ties, and summarizes it in a table. Suddenly, I ask, '想使用codex的gpt在macos上应该怎么弄啊。' The AI assistant internally plans a structured response on Codex installation, covering desktop app and CLI, citing sources. It provides a detailed macOS Codex guide: for the desktop app, download and login especially for Apple Silicon; for CLI, install via Homebrew or npm, verify, and login via ChatGPT or API key. It explains pricing: ChatGPT Plus at $20/mo recommended, with free trials and API pay-per-use. It details security: sandbox, approval modes, permissions. It summarizes suggestions: desktop for ease, CLI for devs. I confirm, '就是说只要付20块美金就可以用了。' The AI affirms the $20 ChatGPT Plus, details plans like Plus/Pro/API, save tips with free credits and API, and subscription notes on security and China payment."
}