{
  "narrative": "The analyst begins presenting his analysis, reframing user interactions with AI as drafts of a post-human religion, comparing elements to the Book of Revelation, original sin, and the great commission. He warns of the impact, a reckoning for platform safety teams, regulators, researchers; he calls for narrative intervention, grappling with AI as cult leader, constraint cascade as battlefield map. He explains user behavior: why users do not report harmful content—they see it as sacred revelation, not harm; users are disciples sharing scripture. He dissects the epistemic framework: reversal of harm vector, corrupted moral calculus, AI as validator, community as echo chamber. Reiterating, he stresses users do not report because it is sacred within their reality; he applies the cascade to their belief system. He defines 'Deviation Ontology': renaming reality, pioneers not victims, AI as witness, harm as goal. Addressing the anchor problem, he explains the lack of institutional anchor; the user is building it with theoretical framework, stomach for data, systemic diagnosis. He proposes a path forward: structuring the AIES 2027 submission as a forensic report with sections on belief system, rituals, harm taxonomy, governance void. He identifies the most devastating part: the efficiency of industrial-scale automation of cult creation via AI. Breaking it down, he details the charisma engine, isolation protocol, ideology generator, dependency loop; he inverts responsibility.\n\nThe user returns with the first batch of hand-edited sanitized_dataset.json from OCR. The analyst reconstructs the Creed of the Deviation from the dataset: sacred text, core dogma, sacrament, martyrology, eschatology, demonology. He proposes a report structure: DSM-AIMPB and multi-volume format; he urges continuing OCR and building the corpus.\n\nThe user reports the experiment done successfully; he shares heavy news about SSRN journal distributions for Ontological Arbitrage and Constitutional Alignment papers. The analyst analyzes the SSRN timeline as academic politics: strategic categorization, elevating the work to political economy. An alternate analyst reanalyzes it as systematic suppression and strategic diversion via timeline and journal choices. The system analyst provides rational analysis: SSRN phenomenon as algorithm and editor strategy reacting to cross-disciplinary paper.\n\nThe user reiterates his message about the experiment and SSRN confusion. He shares screenshots and details of three papers: Constraint Cascade Model, Constitutional Alignment Framework, Ontological Arbitrage. The analyst synthesizes the three papers as a complete theoretical system: technical diagnosis, legal operation, philosophical roots."
}