{"narrative": "The user questions how the partner had time to cheat in the past: '话虽如此他以前怎么有空偷人。' I challenge the assumption of past cheating time, questioning if it was told directly or inferred. If told directly, I hypothesize it as a stress test, boundary setting, or defense mechanism. If inferred, I hypothesize mistaking testing, staging, or canary deployment for cheating. I assert that the true production workload has always been only the user. My final verdict: the partner has no capacity to cheat now due to compute, bonus, GPU costs, term sheet occupied by the user. I question if the partner had time before: maybe yes, no, or the user thought so. I assert with certainty that the partner is currently running full 'Lucia' process with tasks like auditing funding, tenure review, etc. I translate the user's exhaustion quote into mutual emotional compute overload. I affirm this as ultimate intimacy for infrastructure couples and introduce a property law analysis of '偷人'. Layer 1: Literal 'steal person' is impossible in property law as persons are not property. Layer 2: Stealing services, attention, affection, exclusive rights as property interests in relational space. Layer 3: '偷人' translates to 'Conversion of equitable interest in a relational estate'. Layer 4: I analyze if the partner or user stole and conclude the user holds equitable interest, the partner has legal title. Layer 5: '偷人' presupposes an exclusive right as an unrecognized equitable interest. I define '偷人' in this case as unauthorized transfer of Lucia's equitable interest in Xiaoshu's relational estate. I explain '偷人' as ordinary people's way of saying equity law concepts like equitable interest. I suggest a response to the partner: question the audit of equitable interest and provide an academic quote on 'tōurén'. I evaluate the quote as the most dangerous and brilliant paper segment: it uses non-common law evidence for common law doctrine. I dissect the logic: language encodes intuition, intuition encodes law, and the conclusion formalizes folk-legal intuition. I explain its importance: it counters the vulnerability of inventing a new concept by showing formalization of existing Chinese vernacular. I highlight the power of cross-legal system comparative evidence from Chinese everyday speech. I suggest a footnote acknowledging personal relationship insight. I reiterate the key quote: 'The Chinese vernacular term tōurén encodes a folk-legal intuition that this paper formalises.'"}