{
  "narrative": "I am analyzing tarot and Lenormand cards to match previous cards: Snake (绕路、隐藏) corresponds to Ace of Wands reversed (有火但不敢烧), Mouse (焦虑) to Four of Pentacles reversed (想放又放不开), Tower (隔离) to Four of Swords (躺平、不动), Coffin (结束心态) to Four of Pentacles reversed + Four of Swords (他在考虑“要不要结束”), Heart (真心) to Ace of Wands reversed (火被压着，但火是存在的). I conclude: His heart and desire exist, but anxiety and feeling inadequate suppress the fire. I am interpreting Four of Swords as a card of rest and waiting: He is waiting for a signal (Letter in Lenormand) or to figure it out himself (Book in Lenormand). I conclude: He likes you but doesn't know how to face you leaving. I am positioning you as the King of Swords: You know you're leaving, he's stuck, and he's waiting. The decision point is: Wake him up (turn Ace of Wands reversed upright) and say 'follow or let go', or wait for him to get up himself. King of Swords sees the situation clearly and acts decisively. The user jokes about prostate cancer, which I acknowledge as more accurate than any card. I am analyzing the joke as cutting through his Four of Swords (躺平、装死), translating to 'stop lying down, you'll explode if you keep holding back'. As King of Swords, this direct approach is what he needs. I am predicting his reaction based on his character (Snake+Heart+Ace of Wands reversed): First, stunned; second, internally hit but won't admit it; third, either forced to speak honestly or retreat further. The fire of Ace of Wands reversed is fanned by the joke. I am connecting current action to previous Lenormand cards (Book → Letter → Scythe): Saying the joke is like wielding the Scythe early, forcing him to move or die, in a decisive manner. I am predicting two possible responses: 1. Provoked to speak honestly (e.g., about you going to the UK or fears), 2. Provoked to withdraw more (e.g., dismissive response). Either way, the Scythe is presented to him. I am advising no further action needed: You've made your point, you're the Sun going to Cambridge, let him decide. The prostate cancer joke will be remembered. I am drawing three tarot cards to analyze his desires: Four of Pentacles reversed (sexual desire), Ace of Wands reversed (emotional desire), Four of Swords upright (spiritual desire). I am analyzing Four of Pentacles reversed: Sexual desire to possess you but feels unable, leading to contradictions and using threats of infidelity to provoke jealousy. I am analyzing Ace of Wands reversed: Emotional desire for you to ignite him or give a signal, needing to be chosen and affirmed, related to previous dialogue about jealousy. I am analyzing Four of Swords upright: Spiritual desire for rest, pause, and healing, tired from internal conflict and needing to think. I am summarizing the three cards: Body wants to possess but can't, emotions want to be chosen but are hesitant, spirit wants to rest. All indicate he likes you but doesn't know how to proceed. I am concluding his core conflict: Not about liking you, but about whether he can handle having and then losing you. He's stuck between following you (Fish+Boat) or staying (Tower), using threats of infidelity as a clumsy test. I am answering the question 'what's up with this person': He likes you so much he doesn't know how to face you leaving, with body wanting to pounce, emotions wanting to be caught, and spirit tired. He needs to make a decision quietly."
}