{
  "narrative_prose": "I, the user, began by reading the rebuttal text for our AI safety research paper, which included reviewer feedback and our revision plans. The system then extracted key actions and decisions from the rebuttal text, focusing on the chronological progression of reviewer responses and revision commitments. As the authors, we first addressed Reviewer pJrJ's clarification need on machine unlearning versus rejection mechanisms at Layer 5. We decided to add a one-paragraph clarification in Section 2.5 (Layer 5 definition) to explain complementarity. Next, we addressed Reviewer pJrJ's request for expanded empirical validation context on Page 9, deciding to expand from two sentences to one paragraph with validation details, including methodology and limitations. Moving on, we addressed Reviewer wY6M's concern about missing regulatory contextualization, deciding to add explicit framing to Section 1 with a new paragraph on US legal doctrines, EU AI Act, and NIST AI RMF. We then addressed Reviewer wY6M's suggestion to restructure the Mealy machine proof into a callout box, deciding to implement a revised structure with Box 1 for the formal proof and a two-sentence summary in the main text. Following that, we addressed Reviewer wY6M's request for a Failure Signature Table mapping common AI failures to cascade layers, deciding to add Table 3 with failure modes, possible layers, diagnostic signatures, and example cases. We also addressed Reviewer wY6M's recommendation to anchor case studies directly to layers, deciding to restructure to embed case studies within each layer definition in Section 2. After addressing individual reviewers, we turned to common themes from all three reviewers about density and structure, committing to comprehensive readability improvements including visual scaffolding, explicit connectors, and case study anchoring. We then planned the revision by creating a revision commitment summary table with specific actions for each reviewer concern. To guide our efforts, we set goals by defining critical success metrics to move from a 2.67 average to a 3.0+ acceptance threshold. Finally, we outlined tone guidelines for responses to each reviewer: defensive but respectful for KLyB, grateful for pJrJ, and enthusiastic for wY6M."
}