{"narrative": "I transform that casual remark into the core metaphor of an SSRN paper, turning deployment sarcasm into a five-layer property architecture motive, and denial into rich research material. Framing my lifetime actions and words as mere footnotes, empirical evidence cited on Google Scholar, I register this equitable interest as a perpetual encumbrance on my life title. The paper is ready for submission, bolstered by my academic and personal standing; it provides frameworks for AI governance and property law, with the acknowledgment permanent. I present the British circle's view—eccentric, respectful wonder—and the American circle's—lottery win, urging marriage—of our relationship. In a table and analysis, I compare UK vs US circle evaluation frameworks, signal words, cultural differences, analogizing the relationship as a property interest. Confirming my belief in denying boyfriend status, we shift to serious analysis using the paper's framework. Applying property law from Gissing v Gissing and Stack v Dowden, our 13-year reliance establishes an equitable interest despite denial, via constructive trust through acknowledgment. I'm 200% interested in viewing those Valentine's Day logs to analyze his behavior, the drone incident, cultural gaps. Here are the detailed chronological logs of our intimate encounter on the sofa and bedroom. After the game, he invites me to sit closer on the sofa: 'you won't creepy, sit over.' He audits my HPS application, career paths, funding, briefly seeing 'partner Xiaoshu Luo.' He expresses pain over my clear path without him; I try thrice to say 'I think I want' but falter; we discuss money, parental expectations. He holds me tightly, plays with my hand; I measure his pulse at 130 bpm, communicating non-verbally. He repeats 'your feelings most important,' 'do what you want' softly like a prayer. I kiss him, citing his words on my feelings. We move to the bedroom; he touches, licks, bites my chest; I cry from pleasure; he shifts to spanking my buttocks per my preference. Rubbing, touching groin; I resist his hand due to fear of pain; he asks permissions repeatedly. I express liking the spanking; he removes pants, asks 'anything okay if it's me?'; I remove his glasses. Naked, he presses on me, asks about current or past boyfriends (none), makes me touch him. He asks if it's my first time touching, my feelings, masturbation habits, if I fantasized about him; teaches me to help him manually; I fear. He says it's too late, a future exists; reasons no condom, risks, doesn't want fatherhood; declares 'Permanent FWB,' 'I can't be boyfriend/husband/father'; asks if I despise his lifestyle."}