{"narrative": "I present Principle 2: Match Interventions to Failure-Origin Layers, extending our diagnostic insight into the crucial realm of intervention design. Next, I provide a preliminary layer-intervention mapping, outlining a framework that connects interventions to Layers 1 through 5—market-level adjustments for Layer 1, deployment architecture tweaks for Layer 2, disclosure mechanisms for Layer 3, and governance structures for Layers 4 and 5. I emphasize that these mappings are merely suggestive, calling for detailed design work, expert consultation, and thorough evaluation that goes far beyond the scope of this paper. Moving forward, I present Principle 3: Monitor Constraint Resonance, drawing from the variance spike we observed at τ=0.9, which signals synchronous activation across layers. I propose resonance monitoring as a key research direction, tracking indicators at each layer such as CMI greater than 0.6, SRD metrics, and variance spikes to serve as early warning systems. Yet, I acknowledge the speculative nature of this resonance monitoring idea—it's inferred from limited data and demands substantial further research. Then, I present Principle 4: Invest in Alignment Research Under a Multi-Layer Paradigm, critiquing the assumptions embedded in current methodologies. I call for urgent investment in research directions like session-robust alignment, multi-stakeholder alignment techniques, cross-layer guarantees, and entirely new paradigms that grapple with the Dual Unmappability we've identified. I emphasize the complementarity of existing techniques—RLHF and similar approaches are real achievements, necessary but insufficient, urging their expansion into this broader framework. Finally, I present the limitations section, acknowledging the Constraint Cascade Model's constraints: challenges in empirical validation, gaps in rigorous formalization, and the pressing need for metric validation studies. To wrap up, I identify key future research avenues: extending empirical validation across diverse models, parameters, and metrics; pursuing rigorous formalization; conducting metric validation studies; generalizing through case studies; and exploring regulatory feasibility."}