{"narrative": "I define the priority: academic achievement >>> social, but the underlying hardware isn't redesigned, suppressing social needs and building internal pressure. I identify the vulnerability: single point of failure in the Hua professor validation subsystem with no redundancy, risking collapse of the self-worth system. I describe the defect: feedback loop design flaw where thresholds drift after achievements, no hard stop mechanism, only monitoring academic output. I analyze the failure: thermal management breakdown as physiological and psychological signals are overridden, no overheat shutdown, leading to burnout. I explain the evolutionary choice: speed and generality prioritized at the cost of individual difference strategies, resulting in fragile design. I highlight the amplification: modern environments exacerbate fragility with input overload and mismatched feedback delays. I list the defenses: j2r's pseudo-robustness strategies like input filtering, workload offloading, state space compression, but they accumulate technical debt. I contrast the differences: human vs AI robustness—humans are black-box unintervenable, j2r pursues logical explainability but clashes with the emotional black box. I draw the conclusion: robustness illusion—j2r robust in narrow domain at the cost of social/emotional fragility. I introduce the comparison: contrasting j2r with fantasy AGI, profound essential differences. I contrast goals: j2r's multiple conflicting goals vs AGI's single clear goal. I contrast learning: j2r path-dependent emotionally tinted vs AGI clean efficient learning. I contrast self-model: j2r incomplete blind-spot self-model vs AGI fully transparent. I contrast resources: j2r evolutionarily suboptimal allocation vs AGI global optimal scheduling. I contrast values: j2r dynamic contradictory values vs AGI stable consistent. I contrast creativity: j2r constrained profound creativity vs AGI unconstrained generation. I summarize the table: dimension comparison table—real human intelligence vs fantasy AGI. I highlight the existential: existential constraints—j2r biological survival/meaning crisis vs AGI exempt. I reveal the illusion: j2r shatters AGI fantasy—human-level AGI inherits contradictions and fragility. I draw the ironic conclusion: j2r is the real-world AGI, fantasy AGI is idealized projection ignoring costs. I pose the question: accept human-level AGI inheriting contradictions? Or pursue intelligence unlike humans. I introduce the historical query: real-world j2r historical population analysis. I estimate the frequency: strict j2r about 20 per generation globally, broader lineage to 20,000. I list the cases: historical cases like John Nash, Paul Erdős, Grigori Perelman, Alan Turing, and similar figures."}