{
  "narrative_prose": "I read the text provided by the user, which detailed LaTeX modifications and a request for an AI tool use declaration for a paper, asking for schema extraction. The system then analyzed the text to extract chronological actions and decisions related to paper preparation and compliance. Next, I modified the LaTeX document: I removed author info, deleted or commented out \\author{}, ensured no self-references like 'Zhang' or 'Zhao', moved acknowledgments to the Title Page, and created a separate Title Page file. After that, I performed a quick checklist: I verified author info removal, checked for no self-references, confirmed acknowledgments were moved, ensured the Title Page was created, and compiled the PDF without errors. I then proposed an AI tool use declaration: I mentioned using Claude Code for LaTeX compilation and debugging, and using git commits to prove originality. The system advised adjusting the declaration for academic compliance: it suggested generic descriptions instead of 'Claude Code', clarified that git commits are not part of the declaration, and recommended transparency without proof of originality. The system also suggested placement options for the declaration: as a footnote, in a separate section before the bibliography, or on the Title Page, with a recommended concise version. I asked about adding an endmatter section for declarations. The system recommended an endmatter section using \\section* or \\appendix, and provided example code for declarations including AI tool use, data availability, and competing interests. I provided Springer Nature guidelines for double-anonymous peer review, highlighting stricter requirements. The system analyzed the Springer Nature guidelines: it identified the need to remove all declarations from the manuscript, including AI tool use, competing interests, and data availability, check self-citation format, and verify file metadata. Finally, the system advised immediate modifications: remove the declarations section from the manuscript, use third-person for self-citations, check PDF metadata for author info, and prepare declarations for the submission system instead."
}