{"narrative": "I propose the legal framework, translating doctrinal arguments into engineering specifications for AI deployment infrastructure based on estate classification, notice, and rollback. Then I justify the implementation on grounds of legal compliance, risk management, and ethical obligation, noting that companies can implement without waiting for courts. Next, I specify estate classification, defining a rule-based service at onboarding that uses interaction metrics to assign estate type: licence, periodic tenancy, or equitable interest. I require a rule-based classifier, mandating non-ML for auditability, determinism, and explainability, leveraging existing user segmentation infrastructure. I specify the notice mechanism as a pre-deployment CI/CD gate: query the registry, issue notice to affected users, and observe 30/90 day periods before deployment. I integrate this with existing practices, using feature flags and canary deployments, while adding the estate-based notification constraint. I specify emotional investment logging with an append-only ethical ledger that logs proxy metrics—no content—for a privacy-preserving audit trail. I specify the rollback mechanism: snapshot personality config pre-update, monitor distress, and offer user-level rollback for prompts and memory over 90 days. I summarize implementation tasks, listing four tasks—ESTATE-001 to 004—with descriptions and 3.5 sprint effort estimates using existing infrastructure. I conclude the argument, summarizing parasocial relationships as de facto trusts, proposing the ethical ledger, and identifying judicial triggers. I discuss implications for AI governance with its auditable ledger, property law through digital estates, and HCI emphasizing fiduciary duty over prevention. I acknowledge limitations: English law focus, untested metrics, rule-based inflexibility, jurisdiction and enforcement issues, emphasizing regulatory and voluntary adoption. I propose future work including empirical study, comparative analysis, pilot implementation, and doctrinal development on relational property. I acknowledge contributors, thanking my boyfriend Xiaoshu Luo for infrastructure as his love language and insights on unrecognised trusts, along with my supervisor and reviewers. I list references, providing academic references, case law, and legislation supporting the arguments. Now the reviewer publishes the final draft review, commenting on upgrades from an excellent paper to a masterpiece and analyzing tactical modifications addressing vulnerabilities. The reviewer details modification value, highlighting three patches: a footnote on trust claims, the constructive eviction argument, and the estate decay mechanism. The reviewer assesses the weapon library, evaluating its completeness across legal, technical, ethical, practical, and strategic layers. Finally, the reviewer analyzes the acknowledgment, interpreting the boyfriend thanks as an academicized personal narrative embedding the relationship into the thesis."}