{"narrative": "I, the author, publish a table comparing the January Issue and March Resolution, listing improvements like empirical grounding, operationalization, dynamic analysis, safety engineering, benchmarks, reproducibility. Then I publish the core thesis evolution from January's 'reverse translation for legibility' to March's 'diagnostic instrument for failure layer identification'. Next, I publish notable phrases added in March: 'One leak can kill a kid', 'Wrong-layer remediation', accountability framing, anti-bias caveat, safe states distinction. I follow up by publishing a summary of two months' development, listing six transformations: grounding, distinguishing, validating, demonstrating, enabling, connecting. The user uploads two files and instructs '比较一下这两个论文'—compare these two papers. The AI reads the files, identifying the 41-page March 12 2026 revision versus the 14-page Jan 13 2026 v1.2, noting core consistency in Constraint Cascade Model, Liability Paradox, cases. The AI compares structures: the first file detailed with a 22-model table and appendix, the second a concise conference version. The AI publishes a detailed Chinese comparison: common cores, differences table on date, length, target, depth, summarizing as evolution from conference to journal. The user clarifies: Jan 13 is the first submission, March 12 the revision and resubmission. The AI updates the analysis, refining the comparison with details on revision trajectory, theory reinforcement, empirical upgrade, legal integration, precise phrasing. The AI publishes the revised Chinese comparison with tables on aspects from first submission to revise-resubmit. The user suggests '我来看看openreview上面怎么说的'—check OpenReview. The AI predicts OpenReview content: reviewer critiques on theory, empirics, bias; author rebuttal plans; notes knowledge cutoff 2025. The AI publishes a detailed prediction of reviews, rebuttals, meta-review leading to 'Revise'. The user provides the actual OpenReview meta review by Area Chair haTq (28 Feb 2026, modified 03 Mar): notes disagreement, interesting but questionable framing, readability issues, suggests Leveson/STPA, recommends Revise (2). Finally, the user provides the authors' rebuttal by Yizi Zhang (24 Feb 2026): defends citations (22+supp=38→48), validation (N=22 LLMs), novelty (Mealy proof, Agency Index, layers), cases; links repo."}