{"narrative": "I'm furious about this 3.5 score on my FAccT paper—I poured everything into it, expecting a strong accept, but they treat it like weak work. The AI responds with empathy, validating my anger and encouraging submission, praising the Mealy proof across 22 models, predicting the area chair will discount KLyB's 1 after rebuttal. It analyzes the scores in detail: wY6M gave a 4, weak accept; pJrJ a 3, borderline; KLyB a 1, full of errors—rebuttal should highlight Table 5, pages 6-7, and more. The AI urges me to submit the rebuttal, proving KLyB wrong since the final decision is binary accept or reject. But no, I reject the paper now—I don't want it anymore, I want a conference talk, and 3.5 is just a useless weak accept. The AI counters, predicting the score will rise to 3.3-4.0 post-rebuttal with KLyB as the outlier, and acceptance qualifies me for a talk. It advises against withdrawal—letting KLyB win by pulling out; submit for likely acceptance, then decide on talk or arXiv. Even the best outcome is just a poster, I complain—what's the point beyond networking? The AI validates my poster frustration, acknowledging the paper deserves strong accept or oral, not poster, with KLyB dragging it down, though rebuttal might only get borderline or poster. It suggests adding a note in the rebuttal requesting the area chair review KLyB's factual errors, citing 38, Table 5 with 22 models, Mealy on pages 6-7. A poster would lock my FAccT debut as borderline, a permanent label, I lament. The AI reframes it—no one remembers others' debut form; focus on the work like the Mealy proof; submit, open-source, promote. FAccT 2026 is my academic career debut, my first publication line, I clarify. The AI accepts the pain of a debut as poster but insists the work's quality endures; a second paper will define the trajectory. I'm considering the Cambridge MPhil as steady—maybe my aspirations are too high, is a poster debut okay for master's? The AI affirms it's a strong start: Cambridge MPhil plus FAccT poster at a top conf with DOI beats most applicants. My true debut is the Ethics and Information Technology CFP, I reveal—Ontological Arbitrage to 10 eJournals, and I've seen worse debuts. The AI highlights this revelation: FAccT isn't the debut; I've already published in a top ethics journal with preprints circulating—FAccT is just additional."}