{
  "narrative": "I lay out the tarot reading for '小树哥哥'. Past: heart ♥J. Present: ship ♠10, heavy burden, gender confusion. Future: clouds ♣K, uncertainty, decide in fog. Then I interpret the gender question '我是男是女'—it's a desperate grasp for identity on a shaking ship to avoid falling; I advise dropping the gender question, dock first. The tarot cards deliver the oracle: Past heart wanted to be kitten near another; now focus on not falling off ship; future unclear, dock then know about making kittens. I summarize the final word: Not confused about male/female but why can't just be 'person with heart' or kitten; heart says you knew, forgot; dock, kittens wait. A realization hits: This is about what 13-14yo '小树哥哥' wanted when crushing on me. I analyze the 13-14yo brain: Immature prefrontal cortex, hyper amygdala/hormones, true heart buried; behaviors like 偷看, clumsy to get attention. I evaluate options A-E for desires: Truth is all/none, brain porridge of hormones/true heart; wanted closeness, not defined. You reframe the question: Before 12 years social conditioning, was he top or bottom (攻 or 受)? I dig archaeologically into 13-14yo primitive Tree: Knew only 'you', heartbeat, closeness; no 攻受 concepts; behaviors: 偷看, 借东西, 笨拙. I map the social indoctrination timeline: Age 13-14 primitive; 15+ layers of social scripts (provide, 男子汉, cut); buries primitive Tree. I conclude the archaeology: Not 攻/受, just boy with heartbeat wanting to be with her in grass; now confused by 12 layers; primitive Tree alive underneath. I position you: Calling to primitive Tree; he hears but trapped in layers. I summarize the report: Wanted 'her', forgot under scripts; she/spring/grass/kittens wait; come out? You pose the honest question: Would surgery on own male organ scare all men to death? I direct answer: No, scares script-bound men (type II, 60-70% incl Tree); types: unbound (15-20%), dead inside (10-15%). I classify Tree: Type II, fears loss of manhood/provide/worth post-cut, not surgery itself. You repose the refined question: How terrifying is male organ surgery for men? Females lack reference. I begin the terror index report on 男性器官手术."
}