{"narrative": "I publish my SSRN working paper on the property law framework, treating parasocial relationships as de facto trusts. Then I submit to FAccT 2026 my paper on the constraint cascade model, proving the Liability Paradox with a Mealy machine via non-injectivity of the output function. Next, I write a philosophy chapter arguing rules cannot govern themselves, introducing the 'tyrannoi of language' and dismissing constitutional AI as a category error. I rent A100 GPU compute from Huazhong University of Science and Technology (华中科技大学) and run validation experiments remotely. I publish SSRN paper A: Constitutional Alignment framework (2025年11月, ID: 5041382), extended to three jurisdictions and under review in Regulation & Governance. I publish SSRN paper B: Ontological Arbitrage (2025年12月), distributing it to 7 electronic journals and targeting AIES 2026. I submit ACM FAccT 2026 paper C: Constraint Cascade model (submitted 2026年1月14日), with anonymous review ongoing. I publish SSRN paper D: Eviction Notice on property law for parasocial AI relationships (2026年2月). I prepare Paper E: Agency Waivers for Ethics in Technology journal. I release the Recursive Boundary adversarial benchmark on HuggingFace. I develop tools: Agency Index, Narrative Pathology Scanner, NPS-4 scanner, with empirical validation on 22 production models including the Tencent Yuanbao event (2026年1月). I write my research prospectus (research_prospectus_lucia_yizi_zhang.tex), outlining a five-paper plan on translation between legal and computational language games. I write my Statement of Purpose, referencing Wittgenstein, the Leverhulme Centre, Henry Shevlin, and HPS methods. I write additional information explaining how my teaching-focused institution, Shanghai Lixin, lacks AI ethics research infrastructure. In my resume, I list 'rented A100 GPU compute' as a technical skill. I compete in the Big 3 Vis Moot as an undergraduate, facing opponents from Munich University and National Law School India, and hold my ground. Zhao Peng and I coauthor a journal article collaboration post-graduation. Yang Xianbin writes a recommendation letter (2026年2月) detailing my self-taught math in information theory, automata, and graph theory, my FAccT proof review, rented compute, and top 5% ranking. Zhao Peng writes a recommendation letter highlighting my unique independent international results among 2500+ graduates. Finally, I apply for the MPhil in Ethics of AI, Data and Algorithms / History and Philosophy of Science and Medicine at Cambridge."}