{
  "narrative": "On the sofa after the game, he audits her HPS application, reviewing tenure track versus industry conflicts, the funding structure like a code review, and he sees her partner Xiaoshu Luo mentioned briefly. He concludes the audit, deciding her track is legible, tells her to go ahead, but feels a sharp pain and loss realizing she doesn't need him anymore, that she'll go to Cambridge, secure tenure on a path he can't follow. She questions the meaning of it all, he says it's about money, she counters that she's not lacking money, that she's her parents' private equity option and her wants don't matter; he drops the headhunter list, and silence falls. She attempts a confession three times, whispering 'I think I want,' but can't finish, says none of it means anything, that what she wants isn't for her to determine. He pulls her close, plays with her hand, she measures his pulse at 130 bpm, their communication thrumming under the skin. He grants permission in a low voice like a prayer, saying 'your feelings are most important,' 'do what you want' repeatedly. She says 'you said my feelings most important,' looks into his eyes, and kisses him first. They move to the bedroom in full body touching; he touches, licks, bites her chest, goes down, she cries out from pleasure, he stops to check. He retreats from her chest, prefers her butt, spanks it, asks if it pains her, she says it's comfortable, asks for more. It escalates with rubbing, he touches her groin, finds her very wet, offers his hand, she trembles no, afraid of pain. She says she likes the spanking, he removes his pants, asks if anything is ok as long as it's him, she removes his glasses. Now naked, he removes her pants, asks if it's ok, she says yes don't leave trauma if not wanting; he removes his own, presses on her, asks if she has a boyfriend now? no; ever? no; pulls her hand to him, she stiffens. He makes her touch him, asks if it's her first time? yes; how does it feel? she can't answer; do you masturbate? sometimes; thinking of me? yes; he teaches her a handjob, she cries she won't be afraid. He halts and disclaims: too late, more later; she asks why reason now; he says no condom, risks, he can't be her bf/husband/father, just permanent FWB, does she despise that lifestyle? He ends the intimacy with a hug, says it's too late he's going home, dresses, turns on the light, tells her to dress, and leaves. At the doorway, he looks struck with swollen lips; she asks for a hug, he hugs her warmly; he failed in the US, ok in Shanghai but can't do research/papers; she offers a fake marriage to UK/EU for mlops/ai infra, deepmind/airgapped/local llm; he rejects the ai fantasy; she says divorce is ok, he asks why not Google/SJTU; she's the last with her base/instruct logs. He tests boundaries, asks if it's ok seeing others? she responds with epistemological humbleness, you disclose what I know; he mentions the initial 4-5 Yanshan flying ladder; long silence."
}