{"narrative": "I, the author, outline a revision plan, structuring the diagnostic stack as Section 2 on layers flowing into 3 on unmappability, then 4 on metrics, 5 on validation, and 6 on cases, deciding to add Figure 1 along with connectors. Next, I respond to Reviewer pJrJ on this borderline review, revising Layer 1 on page 3 to encompass active user preferences AND passive training data provenance, noting Yuanbao where passive subjects contaminated weights, adding a plain-English intro for Agency Accessibility on page 18, and clarifying Machine Unlearning on page 28 with the distinction between unlearning (KNOWS) and rejection (DOES). Then, I respond to Reviewer wY6M's Weak Accept, committing to Box 1 with the Mealy proof, Table 3 as the failure matrix, embedding cases like Yuanbao in 2.1, Soelberg in 2.2, Garcia in 2.3, plus Figure 1, regulatory framing for US/EU/China, restoring 48 citations, visuals, condensing Appendix A, plain-English intros, legal positioning, expanding Related Work from 0.5 to 1.5 pages, and completing validation across 22 models and 250K trajectories. The system adds an analysis, noting the user provided OpenReview reviews verifying prior predictions on the review process. The system adds Official Review by Reviewer KLyB from 31 Jan 2026, modified 21 Feb 2026, a Strong Reject (1), criticizing poor citations with only 22 total, lacking novelty in the 5 contributions, disconnected ideas, and opaque writing. The system adds Official Review by Reviewer pJrJ from 16 Feb 2026, modified 21 Feb 2026, Borderline (3), praising innovation in legal-AI governance while requesting revisions to Layer 1 for data subjects per Yuanbao, a plain explanation of the Agency Index, and clarification of the machine unlearning connection. The system adds Official Review by Reviewer wY6M from 14 Feb 2026, modified 21 Feb 2026, Weak Accept (4), praising originality in the Liability Paradox and requesting improved structure, proofs moved to boxes or appendix, embedded cases, and clarified regulations. Internally, the system reflects, analyzing how the reviews match prior predictions on citations, validation, and biases, inferring the user's intent to gain insights into the academic review process. The system generates a structured analysis, producing a review panorama table, controversy analysis on collection versus synthesis, rebuttal highlights, and a revision mapping to the critiques. The system concludes on revision maturity, summarizing the paper's evolution from initial submission to a revised version addressing all reviewer points. Finally, the user reacts to the analysis, acknowledging with '好可怕，这基本上是把这个论文…………我觉得能做这种修改的也不是一般人,' translating to something terrifying, basically turning this paper around, and figuring only an extraordinary person could make such modifications."}