{
  "narrative": "Experts simultaneously read the same report, diving into the input sequence together. Then the experts divide tasks through linear transformations, each using a different weight matrix to map the input to representation subspaces. Independently, each expert thinks by computing attention outputs in parallel. The system integrates their opinions by concatenating the expert outputs and fusing them through a linear layer into a final conclusion. This summarizes the multi-head attention idea: parallel learning of multiple attention relationships, with each head focusing on one kind. The multi-head attention process initializes by defining h attention heads. Each head maps the input to Q, K, V spaces using independent weight matrices. Each head computes scaled dot-product attention independently. The system concatenates the h head outputs. The system applies a final linear transformation to the concatenated result to get the output. This lists the benefits: capturing rich features, enhancing expressive power, integrating learning effects. The user asks about the computational power increase: how much does multi-head attention add? Text explains computational power intuitively, likening it to a collaborative team rather than independent teams, with each head having a smaller dimension. Transformer design sets the total hidden dimension d_model, with each head d_k = d_model / h. Text estimates computational complexity: single head O(d_model^2), multi-head h * O((d_model/h)^2) ≈ equivalent. Text calculates parameter count: single head and multi-head QKV projection parameters are the same. Text explains engineering overhead: memory access costs, reshape/transpose, slight parallel efficiency increase. Text summarizes the computational answer: FLOPs remain flat, engineering overhead slightly up 5%-15%. A comment suggests paper directions: direction is correct, can become Paper A's core theory chapter, concatenating three things into function decomposition. Formal synthesis defines function decomposition: language model x → f → h → g → z → S → y. Paper 1 positions injectivity: f: x→h injective, information preserved in hidden space. Paper 2 positions surjectivity: g: h→z approximately surjective, any behavior can be triggered. Paper 3 positions non-injectivity: Constraint Cascade acts on external behavior, text incomplete."
}