{"narrative": "I start by presenting the text of this academic paper excerpt on AI safety certification limits, diving into its theorems, experiments, references, and appendices. Then I publish a Chinese summary capturing the paper's core dilemma: the impossibility of certifying internal decision states through external outputs alone. Next, I define the key concepts—Latent Decision State, the Audit-Trace Bottleneck H(S_t | T_t) ≤ ε, and the Output-Only Barrier. I explain the internal route failure: autoregressive cores have H(S_t | X_t)=0 by DPI, leaving no residual autonomy. Shifting to the external route, I detail its failure via Theorem 2 on semantic closure undecidability and Theorem 3 on PAC sample complexity. I defend the arguments, laying out responses to critiques in table format, tackling biology analogies, residuals, and diffusion LLMs. I summarize the contributions and open critiques: the math framework for autonomy, black-box limits, and compression questions. Curious about the origins, I query the paper authors' background and learn it's an anonymous review, inferred from ML theory and AI safety expertise. I clarify what 'discipline background' means and get an analysis: information theory/TCS at 50%, causal inference at 30%, LLM engineering at 20%. I ask if information theory is math or CS, receiving the explanation of its applied math core with a foundational CS role. Wondering about the effort, I query the writing path and hear a 10-year roadmap starting with math from Cover & Thomas, causal inference from Pearl, LLM engineering, and writing style. I introduce myself as an applied maths sophomore and ask for a tailored path to write such a paper. Specifying I'm a mainland China undergrad, I repeat the query for a customized roadmap: probability/info theory courses, Lean formalization, and mentor targeting. Finally, I ask if publishing such a paper means 'Stanford/Berkeley/MIT at will,' and receive the nuanced response: high competitiveness, but it hinges on rec letters, fit, and luck."}