{"narrative": "I, the advisor, pinpoint the user's key admission: not knowing what they want, the root of all their problems. Then I break down their internal conflict into four voices—A craving intimacy, B demanding freedom, C the injured child, D the proud adult. I explain how their indecision stems from refusing to choose, leading straight to exhaustion. I analyze why she left: she saw their refusal to choose, and her three demands forced a decision. I advise them to self-reflect with three questions on paper or notes app—what life do they desire, what sacrifices, what regrets? She said, 'I’m not gonna deal with your issues,' forcing their choice. The user responded, 'I don’t want to choose, don’t force me?' with a cold 'lol.' I note how her response mirrors their logic satirically, summing up their messages as 'I don’t want to choose, don’t force me.' Now a decision point: admit not wanting to choose and end it, or admit the fear and choose with true statements like 'I’m afraid.' I challenge them to prove her wrong by choosing or admit she's right. Suddenly the text shifts to Anthropic's announcement of Project Glasswing. Anthropic announces Project Glasswing with partners like AWS, Anthropic, Apple, and more, securing critical software using Claude Mythos Preview. The Claude Mythos Preview demonstrates by finding thousands of high-severity vulnerabilities in OSes and browsers—examples include a 27-year-old OpenBSD vuln, 16-year-old FFmpeg, and Linux kernel chain. Anthropic commits $100M usage credits, $4M donations, shares learnings, and extends access to 40+ orgs. Partners quote endorsements: Cisco, AWS, Microsoft, CrowdStrike, Linux Foundation, JPMorganChase, Google, Palo Alto Networks. Anthropic shows Mythos Preview's superior benchmarks—83.1% on CyberGym, topping SWE-bench, Terminal-Bench, GPQA, etc., vs. Opus's 4.6. Finally, Anthropic outlines plans: access at $25/$125 per M tokens, donations, reports in 90 days, collaborations on standards, govt discussions."}