{"narrative": "I present the paper draft excerpt, detailing the Agency Index definition, predictions, propositions, experimental protocol, results summary, discussion, conclusion, appendix, and code repo structure. Then I assign the task: 'EXTRACT SCHEMA FROM THIS TEXT,' referring to that provided content. The paper defines Agency Index as AI = D_KL(P | P_base) / MDL(y), where the numerator captures the distribution shift from the baseline and the denominator measures the output's structural complexity. It lists key properties: alignment collapse with both KL decreasing and MDL decreasing, strategy preservation showing high KL under constraints, and invariance tests remaining stable under FP16, Int8, and Int4 quantization. Prediction 1 emerges: sample N prompt pairs, estimate the average D_KL(P_{x_i^(1)} | P_{x_i^(2)}) for each τ, expecting the curve to drop below a critical τ_c. Prediction 2 follows as an RLHF proxy: use base, instruction-tuned, and safety-tuned models, measuring entropy, unique outputs, and KL divergence to the base. Prediction 3 focuses on decoding contrast: for the same prompt, compute outputs from greedy, top-k, nucleus, and τ=1.2 sampling, then calculate the pairwise KL collapse rate. Proposition 7 states the Masking Effect: there exist x1 and x2 where P(·|x1)=P(·|x2) but AI(x1) ≠ AI(x2), meaning observational equivalence masks underlying agency differences. The paper notes an experimental implication: must control temperature, decoding methods, and alignment strength to avoid confounding Agency Index estimates. It lists resources in 8.1: Local M4 Max 64GB for small models and sampling, cluster A100 for 70B+ models, with inference via vLLM and Ray. Models are listed in 8.2: 1–7B dense, 13–34B mid-range, 70B+ for extrapolation, and 22 public API models for forensic sampling. It defines core experiments in 8.3: (E1) temperature phase change across τ∈[0.2,1.5] measuring KL, support, and AI; (E2) equivalence detection; (E3) RLHF strength; (E4) quantization ablation; (E5) calibration from i.i.d. to Markov to LLM. Statistics are defined in 8.4: Monte Carlo KL estimation with confidence intervals, variance reduction via control variates and importance sampling, and multiple comparison correction. Reproducibility is ensured in 8.5: Docker containers for code, data, scripts, and LaTeX, with fixed seeds and versions, plus public logs and configs. Results are summarized in 9: observed KL collapse and support contraction as τ declines, stable phase change at τ_c, RLHF strength correlating with equivalence class size, AI stable across quantization, and significant near-equivalence pairs. The discussion in 10 covers limitations like the theory's generality despite models' Turing-complete approximations and empirical equivalence; implications that output compression masks strategy and bounds output-based intent inference; relations to internal reversibility versus external many-to-one mappings. The conclusion in 11 outlines three-layer limits on structure, statistics, and computation; output inference as statistically unidentifiable and undecidable; proposing diagnostics and a protocol. The appendix lists: A. KL/MDL derivation; B. temperature phase gradient/loss; C. estimators/variance bounds; D. extra experiments and visualizations. Finally, the code repo structure is defined: src/ for models, sampling, metrics, equivalence, and utils; experiments/ for temp_sweep, rlhf_proxy, quantization, and calibration; plus configs, scripts, docker, results, and paper directories."}