{
  "narrative_prose": "I read the text provided by the user, which detailed an AI governance veil-piercing paper with legal research brief, including cases, statutory frameworks, and analysis. The system then extracted the case ICO v Clearview AI: UKUT 319 (AAC) 2025, where the Upper Tribunal allowed the ICO appeal, established territorial scope for behavioral monitoring, rejected material scope exclusion for private companies, and mapped it to autonomy-control conflation. Next, it extracted the case Schrems II: CJEU invalidated the EU-US Privacy Shield, upheld SCCs with conditions, the DPC enforcement saga led to a €1.2 billion fine, and mapped it to oversight board dynamics and institutional design lessons. Following that, it extracted the case Garcia v. Character Technologies: M.D. Fla. 2024, settled in 2026, where the court held AI as a product, AI output not speech, individual founder liability, and mapped it to profit-driven manipulation and veil-piercing theories. Then, it extracted the case Hangzhou Internet Court 2025: the first Chinese AI hallucination dispute, dismissed claims, classified AI as a service with fault-based liability, used dynamic systems theory for duty of care, and contrasted it with Garcia. After that, it extracted the case German Facebook/Bundeskartellamt: BGH 2020 reframed as imposed extension of services, CJEU 2023 endorsed competition authorities assessing GDPR compliance, and mapped it to competition law as an AI governance tool. Subsequently, it extracted the statutory framework EU AI Act: Regulation 2024/1689, with tiered risk classification, prohibitions, high-risk requirements, conformity assessment, AILD withdrawal creating a liability gap, and mapped it to graduated veil-piercing. Next, it extracted the statutory framework China's Interim Measures for Generative AI Services: effective 2023, with training data governance, content labeling, provider obligations, enforcement actions, and comparison with the ethical ledger concept. Finally, it extracted the statutory framework UK Data Protection Act 2018 and DUAA 2025: Article 22 UK GDPR, DUAA reforms with a more permissive framework, meaningful human involvement statutory, and EU adequacy implications."
}