{
  "narrative": "The presenter kicks off with enthusiasm, as 小真理子 introduces the 2026 new whitening products special, diving into trends like penetration technology, micro-liposome technology, and the 'cellular whitening' concept that promises deeper, more effective brightening. She seamlessly transitions, introducing ELIXIR Brightening Lotion and Emulsion in 清爽 and 滋润 types—upgraded stars tackling spots, firmness, and transparency through Collagenesis X, MSK, and 4MSK for that radiant glow. Referencing Medic士 research on common skin concerns, she praises ELIXIR's accessibility and ease of use, recommending it perfectly for beginners or those with simple routines. Next, she unveils Decorte White Logist Chronogenesis Brightening Concentrate with 1.8x '工序' power, alongside the Intensive Brightening Mask at 2.5x, both targeting epidermis and dermis melanin inhibition via '维持肤色因子' for lasting clarity. She describes their refreshing texture, recommending them for spot reduction and those seeking high transparency. Then comes Pola White Shot Clear Skin Lotion with PCE-DP and EC Conditioning Liquid, promoting melanin excretion and barrier function through fatty acids. Noting its 'concentrated refreshing' feel, she recommends it for spot treatment, sensitive skin, and as a base for whitening serums. Shifting gears, she introduces Episteme Neutral Clear Serum, zeroing in on adult dullness—red via HSP70, yellow through anti-glycation, gray with azelaic acid. Praising its innovative research, she recommends it for dullness concerns and notes it's combinable with other serums. For sensitive souls, Dessange White Spike VC Lotion and Cream arrive, leveraging vitamin C transporter enhancers for effective, low-irritation delivery. The lotion's 'concentrated refreshing', the cream jelly-like—she celebrates them for sensitive skin users. Albion EXCIA Star Bright Serum follows, packed with 工事EX, '隐花色素复合物', and NMN for dual whitening and anti-aging action. Its slightly thick texture suits whitening plus anti-aging seekers, she notes. PASS The Black Serum tackles light reflection and colors—red, blue, yellow, brown—with 甘草酸二钾, tranexamic acid, and more; its emulsion-like hydration makes it ideal for comprehensive whitening. SK-II Genoptics Advance Essence shines with Pitera, Inositol, niacinamide, and red myrrh alcohol for barrier repair and 16% reported melanin reduction—refreshing and versatile for targeted or full-face use. A handy list appears: 13 UV products from 7-13, spotlighting LANCOME ABSOLUE UV CREAM, BRIGHT AGE SMOOTH & LUMINOUS UV PRIMER, and others with their standout features, ingredients, and reviews. Finally, the summary wraps it up, highlighting each of the 13 products' unique tech, inviting comments on interests, and reminding everyone to subscribe for more."
}