{"narrative": "The user kicks off with a question about the usage of 'どうもありがとうございました' and how it differs from other ways to say thanks. I dive in, explaining that 'どうもありがとうございました' is for thanking someone after a completed action, like English 'thank you very much' for something done or Chinese equivalents for past favors. Then the user follows up, asking about the meaning and usage of 'どうもありがたい'. I break it down, parsing 'どうもありがたい' as an adjective that describes a state of being grateful, contrasting it with 'ありがとう' by word class, usage contexts, and examples, even throwing in a table for clarity. The user probes further, querying the form 'どうも有難がたく'. I explain its grammar as a classical Japanese 連用形, tracing its etymology to the modern 'ありがとう', noting it's not used today, and providing a table of alternatives. Reflecting, the user asks about the JLPT level for grasping such nuanced Japanese distinctions. I assess it as N1+ or professional level, with a table of question types and some learning advice. The user shares an insight, observing that Japanese politeness feels like love. I elaborate on the culture, explaining politeness as '配慮' or consideration and respect, the U-curve of intimacy, and how thanks and sorry are said frequently. The user refines it, clarifying that Japanese see politeness as vital maintenance for important relations. I agree and expand, confirming that and explaining it as maintenance against erosion, with metaphors like gardening and wearing a kimono. The user contrasts it with Chinese mask-dropping love versus Japanese love as politeness. I compare the cultures in a table, contrasting Chinese direct intimacy with Japanese formalized respect, mask desires, and implications for learners. The user observes that Japanese view elaborate keigo as cultured, and men wear crested haori at weddings and funerals. I connect the symbols, linking keigo to '型' or form, comparing it to crested formal wear as identity markers. The user infers that Japanese society retains class through such clothes from samurai and noble origins. I confirm the history, noting feudal origins and the post-Meiji conversion to universal ritual. The user queries the history from Meiji to the 1930s on class clothing and language. I describe the classes, detailing clothing and language for ex-nobles, bourgeoisie, workers, farmers, and military in that transition era. The user probes the elite, asking what old kazoku, kinsei-ke, and miya-ke did post-Meiji. I outline their roles in politics, economy, culture, and marriages. The user challenges, arguing it's not a true constitutional monarchy and that Japanese worship prestigious forms and surnames like Sato versus Shimazu or Tojo. I agree and analyze, confirming the divine emperor at the core, form worship, and surname bloodline ghosts. The user lists interesting surnames—小笠原, 松平, 支倉, 有馬, 我妻, 綾小路, 鳥居, 二条—and asks their origins. I explain the first five partially: Ogasawara linked to ritual, Matsudaira as Tokugawa kin, Hasekura the diplomat, Arima the Christian daimyo, Agatsuma from place or literary roots, and the text cuts off there."}