{"narrative": "I start by executing sudo apt purge com.360.browser-stable to completely remove the software and its configuration. Next, I run sudo apt remove com.360.browser-stable to uninstall the software while keeping the configuration. Then, I check dpkg --get-selections | grep deinstall to view deinstalled software packages. Following that, I execute sudo dpkg --purge $(dpkg --get-selections | grep deinstall | awk '{print $1}') to purge configurations of those deinstalled packages. I look at deepin-app-store --help to view the Deepin app store help, and cat /etc/os-version to see Deepin/UOS package manager information. Shifting gears, I query how to change the iOS default TXT file opener from Jinjiang to PureLibro. The system provides instructions on three methods: share menu editing, app import, and per-file selection. Then I ask to calculate the equivalent value of 4000 yuan from 1988 to 2026. The system calculates and explains CPI, per capita GDP, and M2 equivalents: 14,320 yuan, 52,960 yuan, 664,000 yuan. I provide context that Sensai launched in 1988 with 4000 yuan LA CRAME cream at Harrods. The system analyzes and compares it as a 1988 luxury investment equivalent to modern high-end creams, contrasting CPI daily purchasing power. I query what 4000 yuan could buy in 1988. The system provides a table comparing 1988 purchases like worker salary, TV, housing, rice against 2026 CPI equivalents. Next, I compare the 4000 yuan Sensai cream to the Big Brother mobile phone (dada). The system delivers a compare table contrasting Sensai as sensual luxury versus Big Brother as efficiency tool in value, audience, symbolism. I request an introduction to other expensive consumer goods from that era. The system lists and tables 1980s-1990s luxury items like TVs, microwaves, cars, motorcycles, pianos, cameras with wage equivalents. I query why the wealth gap was so severe then. The system explains causes: policy shift, dual-track pricing, urban-rural divide, market effects, no safety net. I draw an analogy that a 1990 Santana car purchase was equivalent to buying a Maserati. The system validates the analogy with income multiples and scarcity comparison. I refine the analogy to a 1990 Santana being equivalent to a Rolls-Royce Phantom. The system validates it with a table on price/income ratio, symbolism, rarity. Then I query how to use yt-dlp or aria2 to download YouTube on macOS. The system provides install and commands: brew install, basic yt-dlp commands, aria2 integration, config file. I ask how fungi can infect cerebrospinal fluid. The system explains pathways: blood dissemination, direct inoculation, immune deficiency, common fungi, and diagnosis. I analogize that doesn't that make humans like cordyceps (winter worm summer grass). The system compares and contrasts, acknowledging surface similarity but explaining biological, morphological, scale differences. Finally, I query if a fungus crossing the blood-brain barrier is hopeless, noting a hematologist says many die from infection during immune reconstitution. The system assesses prognosis: not necessarily hopeless but severe, depending on fungus type, timeliness, immunity, and explains drug challenges."}