{"narrative": "I post a poetic riddle about ancient Chinese furniture for lounging, gaming, napping, eating—everything but formal sleeping, from before sofas existed. The AI responds with a detailed table of ancient furniture: 醉翁椅 the rocking chair, 美人榻 or 贵妃榻 the beauty couch, 罗汉床 the luohan bed with its removable kang table, and the general term 榻, breaking it all down with citations and scenarios that perfectly match my 'he games, you sleep' dynamic. I confirm it with a reference to that scene from 甄嬛传, Empresses in the Palace, where the emperor and his consort share furniture with a removable table. The AI elaborates on the 罗汉床, confirming its detachable 炕几 kang table, explaining its dual modes—social with the table for gatherings, intimate without for closeness—tailoring it right to my relationship needs and even suggesting a script to convince my partner. Suddenly the text shifts as the system introduces a tarot reading request: 'What are their intentions?' with a 5-card spread—III Pentacles, Hermit, VI Pentacles, II Wands reversed, X Cups—and an optional question on their daily non-communication. The AI interprets the spread: who they are as a team player with III Pentacles, how they feel about me seeing me as the Hermit, why from the imbalance of VI Pentacles, their intentions as indecision with II Wands reversed, and advice to seek my own fulfillment with X Cups; it answers the optional question affirmatively. I correct sharply: 'Are you stupid? He feels like I am the Hermit,' fixing the card positions. The AI apologizes and revises the reading, emphasizing how I'm perceived as the Hermit, confirming their intentions to stay put, while keeping the advice unchanged. I pivot to a new question in Lenormand: 'What women symbolize the Moon in Lenormand cards?' The AI answers by describing Moon women as intuitive, emotional, artistic types, distinguishing them from Star or Cloud women, and offers combo analysis. I request examples of virtual characters fitting that description. The AI provides a list of fictional women: Luna Lovegood, Ripley, Cersei, Lin Yue Ru, Alice, Lucy, Sailor Moon, Hecate, grouped by type. I share my draft complaint email to Justdone AI about their unauthorized $43 charge after my failed trial. The AI reviews it positively, hands me a polished version with a modification table, and extra advice. I admit my grammar error in excitement and apologize. The AI reassures me and offers a quick grammar fixes table. I share Justdone AI's response email offering a 60-day free trial plus 30% discount instead of a refund. The AI analyzes it as a classic retention tactic, advises rejecting the offer and persisting for a full refund, and prepares a sample reply."}