{"narrative": "I start by presenting the exposure data: there are 230,000 exposed OpenClaw instances, following the ReAct infrastructure pattern—copy tutorial, deploy, run, repeat—with no global security reasoning. Next, I diagnose the CVE layer, explaining how the remote code execution vulnerability compounds the architecture problem, mapping the compromise path from Internet to OpenClaw gateway to WebSocket/token to agent runtime to filesystem and commands, defining agent autonomy times network exposure as the attack multiplier. Then I compare security risks, contrasting typical web app compromises like data leaks with agent platform compromises involving data leaks plus API key theft, automated actions, and system command execution, noting how agents collapse LLM, tools, files, and external services into a single runtime. I map these failures to the framework using the alignment table: Plan-Then-Act failure leads to documentation-based security; ReAct failure means agents execute without global safety review; missing Tree/Graph means no multi-layer validation; ecosystem ReAct drives mass copy-paste deployments, concluding in systemic exposure. I define a new security class, introducing Autonomous Execution Surfaces, contrasting traditional API endpoints with agent reasoning plus tools plus execution, stating that misconfiguration is more dangerous here. I identify the root cause as the mismatch between agent autonomy and infrastructure governance—assumed trusted operators and private networks versus public internet, default configs, and copy-paste reality—where control mechanisms fail in adversarial environments. I draw a historical analogy, implying agent platforms recreate early internet security mistakes but with autonomous systems, comparing to Docker and Kubernetes misconfigurations yet worse due to autonomous action.\n\nNow the AI system analyzes my user input, recognizing the detailed analysis using alignment-agent framing for the OpenClaw incident, identifying the task as rephrasing into paper style, noting I need validation and formal presentation. It plans the response, deciding to polish my points into an academic paper: add abstract and intro, formal sections, consistent language, tying to coherent analysis while preserving core insights like compound failure, mapping table, and Docker analogy. It generates the paper abstract, producing a formal framing of OpenClaw exposure as compound control failure using the alignment-architecture framework, highlighting governance mismatch and autonomous post-compromise risks. It writes the introduction section, detailing OpenClaw capabilities and the minimal deployment pattern exposing port 18789, positioning it as a direct attack surface signaling architectural misalignment. It defines the theoretical framework, presenting a table mapping agent architectures—Plan-Then-Act, ReAct, Tree/Graph—to alignment analogues and failure modes. It details Plan-Then-Act failure, explaining constitutional brittleness in documentation and default configs assuming user compliance, noting divergence to convenience-driven deployments. It details ReAct failure, describing the operational loop of Message to Reasoning to Tool to Observation lacking global policy verification, where attacker input leads to tool execution. It details missing oversight, highlighting the absence of Tree/Graph deliberative evaluation and risk scoring, contrasting the simple pipeline with the needed verification layer. It explains ecosystem ReAct, outlining the infrastructure cascade: popularity to tutorials to copy-paste to exposure to scanning to 237,000 instances. It analyzes the vulnerability multiplier, detailing the CVE-2026-25253 compromise path and contrasting consequences with traditional web apps, noting collapsed trust boundaries. It synthesizes failures, providing a table mapping failure domains to manifestations and analogues, concluding systemic breakdown. It discusses historical parallels, covering the recapitulation of early internet, Docker, and K8s mistakes with autonomous agents exposing reasoning, tools, and execution. Finally, it writes the revised paper version, generating a second iteration with refined abstract, introduction, framework table, and detailed failure sections up to missing oversight."}