{
  "narrative_prose": "I begin by describing Pola White Shot Clear Skin Lotion, highlighting its history in whitening research with Rucinol from 1998 and PCE-DP from 2018. PCE-DP promotes melanin excretion and supports skin barrier function, addressing UV-induced sensitivity. I focus on fatty acids for skin defense, explaining their role in stratum corneum structure and the development of EC Conditioning Liquid to enhance enzyme activity for fatty acid production.\n\nNext, I explain the mechanism of how the product combines PCE-DP and EC Conditioning Liquid to promote melanin excretion, reduce melanin, and enhance barrier function. It also includes an absorption-boosting function to improve the efficacy of subsequent whitening serums, balancing 'attack' through melanin excretion and 'defense' via barrier function. I recommend it for spot treatment users and those with redness-prone skin.\n\nI then describe the texture as 'thick yet refreshing' (濃稠清爽), noting it is suitable for various skin types and serves as a base for whitening serums.\n\nMoving on, I introduce Episteme Neutral Clear Serum, targeting adult multi-colored dullness, including red, yellow, and gray. Red dullness is linked to inflammation, approached via 590nm laser to increase HSP70. Yellow dullness stems from glycation, addressed by inhibiting and breaking down AGEs throughout the process. Gray dullness results from dryness and thickened stratum corneum, treated with azelaic acid to suppress excess keratin production.\n\nI recommend the serum for those concerned with dullness, suggesting it can be used with other medicinal serums to achieve a clear, white complexion.\n\nI introduce Dessaigne White Spike VC Lotion and Cream for sensitive skin, using vitamin C with a 'vitamin C transporter' enhancer to allow effective delivery without irritation. I describe the textures: the lotion as 'thick yet refreshing' and the cream as gel-like and non-greasy.\n\nI introduce Albion EXCIA Star Bright Serum with three key points: high-penetration whitening ingredient (工事EX), cryptochrome activation to inhibit melanin, and NMN for anti-aging effects. I describe it as combining whitening and anti-aging, with a slightly thick texture.\n\nI introduce PASS The Black Serum, focusing on light and color for transparency. The approach to increase reflected light involves ingredients like glass-like particles and island camellia extract. The color approach targets red dullness with inflammation addressed by dipotassium glycyrrhizinate and tranexamic acid, blue dullness with blood flow improvement, yellow dullness with anti-carbonylation and antioxidants, and brown spots with a vitamin C derivative and arbutin. I describe it as a multi-faceted whitening serum with a slightly thick, emulsion-like texture.\n\nFinally, I introduce SK-II Genoptics Advance Essence, focusing on preventing 'spot roots' by strengthening barrier function with Pitera and Inositol, and inhibiting melanin with niacinamide and bisabolol. Research shows a 16% reduction in melanin. The texture is refreshing, and it can be used spot-specific or all over the face."
}