{
  "narrative_prose": "I start by reading the text provided by the user, which covers MIG setup, usage, and disabling, followed by a question about mixing MIG, vCluster, and RBAC, and then a request to analyze chat records with a friend named '临渊'. Next, the system executes the command to list available MIG profiles: sudo nvidia-smi mig -lgip. I then understand the explanation of the MIG profile naming convention, such as 1g.10gb and 2g.20gb, and plan based on the Instances Free/Total column. The system proceeds to execute the command to create MIG instances with specific profile IDs: sudo nvidia-smi mig -i 0 -cgi 5,14,14 -C. After that, it runs the command to verify MIG instances: nvidia-smi -L. I move on to using Docker with MIG instances by specifying UUID: docker run --gpus '\"device=MIG-aaaa-1111-...\"' your-image:latest. Then, I consider using Kubernetes with MIG via the NVIDIA GPU Operator to request nvidia.com/gpu resources. The user asks how to disable MIG and revert to normal GPU mode. In response, the system executes the command to delete all compute instances: sudo nvidia-smi mig -dci, followed by the command to delete all GPU instances: sudo nvidia-smi mig -dgi. It then runs the command to disable MIG mode on GPU 0: sudo nvidia-smi -i 0 -mig 0, and if necessary, the command to reset GPU: sudo nvidia-smi --gpu-reset. Finally, it executes the command to verify MIG status: nvidia-smi. The user then asks if MIG, vCluster, and RBAC can be mixed and how to use them together. The system explains the architecture of mixing MIG for hardware isolation, vCluster for control plane isolation, and RBAC for permission isolation in multi-tenant GPU platforms. It executes the command to create a namespace for vCluster: kubectl create ns team-gpu-01, and then the command to create vCluster: vcluster create vcluster-team-01 -n team-gpu-01 --connect=false. The user requests analysis of chat records with friend '临渊', including parts from the user, friend, and friend's boyfriend. The system analyzes the chat records: the user discusses soulmate and emptiness, the friend responds with practical relationship issues, and the friend's boyfriend uses technical and role-play language. The user asks for translation of what friend '临渊' is doing, expressing confusion. The system explains that the friend is revising a NeurIPS paper: running experiments, rewriting arguments, handling reviewer comments, using commands like python3 and kill -9. The user observes differences in the friend's tone when talking to AI, the user, and the boyfriend. The system analyzes these tone differences: commanding with AI, gentle and existential with the user, and playful and role-playing with the boyfriend."
}