{
  "narrative_prose": "I was reading the text about MIG setup, usage, and management, which included various commands and explanations. The system then executed the command to list available MIG profiles: sudo nvidia-smi mig -lgip. I analyzed the output, understanding profile naming like 1g.10gb and 2g.20gb, and planned based on the Instances Free/Total column. Next, the system executed the command to create MIG instances: sudo nvidia-smi mig -i 0 -cgi 5,14,14 -C. A system reboot was recommended after creating instances for the configuration to take effect. The system then verified the instances with the command: nvidia-smi -L. After that, it used MIG instances in Docker with the command: docker run --gpus '\"device=MIG-aaaa-1111-...\"' your-image:latest. The system state changed as it set up Kubernetes with the NVIDIA GPU Operator for MIG instance scheduling. I asked how to turn off MIG. In response, the system executed the command to delete all compute instances: sudo nvidia-smi mig -dci, followed by deleting all GPU instances: sudo nvidia-smi mig -dgi. It verified the deletion with the command: nvidia-smi -L, then disabled MIG mode with: sudo nvidia-smi -i 0 -mig 0. If necessary, it reset the GPU with: sudo nvidia-smi --gpu-reset, and verified the MIG status with: nvidia-smi. I asked if MIG, vCluster, and RBAC could be mixed and how. The system state changed as it enabled MIG in the Kubernetes cluster by installing the NVIDIA GPU Operator and configuring the MIG strategy. It executed the command to create a namespace for the team: kubectl create ns team-gpu-01, then created a vCluster with: vcluster create vcluster-team-01 -n team-gpu-01 --connect=false. The system state changed as it configured RBAC within the vCluster for fine-grained access control, delivered the kubeconfig to the team for vCluster access, and ensured Pods in the vCluster could schedule to MIG devices by requesting GPU resources in YAML. I asked DeepSeek to analyze chat records with a friend. DeepSeek analyzed the provided chat text, focusing on communication patterns, emotional dynamics, and relationship insights. I clarified that part of the chat was with me and part was between my friend and the friend's boyfriend. DeepSeek integrated the new context, analyzing differences in relationship dynamics and communication styles between user-friend and friend-boyfriend interactions."
}