{
  "narrative": "First, I published my FAccT 2026 submission on the constraint cascade model using Mealy machine to prove Liability Paradox and non-injectivity of output function for intent attribution. Then, I published my SSRN working paper on property law framework, parasocial relationships as de facto trusts, user emotional investment as equitable interest. Next, I published my philosophy chapter on rule-following problem, 'Constitutional AI' as category mistake, rules cannot govern themselves, requiring external judgment. After that, Dr. Zhao Peng recommended my paper '人工智能治理的宪法对齐框架' to Professor Yang Xianbin in late 2025. Professor Yang Xianbin reviewed my SSRN papers and FAccT submission, recognizing the proof as an original result aligning with his research. I rented A100 GPU compute from Huazhong University of Science and Technology (华科), running validation experiments remotely as sole author for the FAccT submission. I participated in the Big 3 year, leading the Vis Moot team against Munich University and National Law School of India, holding ground with composure. I submitted the FAccT paper to ACM FAccT 2026 under anonymous review, with arXiv preprint available. I distributed the SSRN papers across multiple electronic journal platforms. I wrote my purpose statement referencing Wittgenstein, 'tyrannoi of language', Leverhulme Centre, Henry Shevlin, HPS methods; additional info on Lixin University lacking AI ethics infrastructure; resume lists 'rented A100 GPU compute' as skill. Dr. Zhao Peng and I began co-authoring a journal article, his first such collaboration with a former student. Professor Yang Xianbin wrote a recommendation letter for MPhil in History and Philosophy of Science and Medicine, detailing self-taught info theory/automata/graph theory/Monte Carlo, FAccT proof review, rented GPU, mechanism-level analysis over analogies. Dr. Zhao Peng wrote a recommendation letter highlighting unique independent international-level results post-graduation among 2500+ students. Finally, I applied to Cambridge MPhil in Ethics of AI, Data and Algorithms with coherent research program, specific alignments to project."
}