{"narrative": "I define a constructive trust arising when the AI company designs the attachment, profits from the engagement, then destroys it unilaterally without notice or remedy, citing the Westdeutsche Landesbank case. Next, I analogize the AI company to a fiduciary profiting from the beneficiary's reliance, citing Boardman v Phipps for accountability of profits. I acknowledge judicial restrictions on constructive trusts post-Westdeutsche, particularly in commercial contexts like Cobbe v Yeoman's Row. I rebut the Cobbe analogy by arguing that AI users lack contractual self-help options unlike sophisticated developers; there are no negotiable terms or insurance. I cite Crossco No.4 v Jolan for a constructive trust from a pattern of conduct implying common intention in a commercial context. I apply Jones v Kernott to impute intention for a trust from conduct in the quasi-social AI context, extending from domestic property. I assert fiduciary duties arising from the relational nature creating dependency, citing Hospital Products and Bristol v Mothew. I cite FHR European Ventures for the constructive trust remedy when a fiduciary profits, rejecting personal claims only. I introduce an express trust as an alternative argument with the three certainties, as a backup to the constructive trust. I argue intention from the cumulative design and marketing pattern, citing Paul v Constance and Re Kayford. I define the trust property as the user-specific configuration layer—prompts, memory, history—citing Hunter v Moss. I argue object certainty by defining beneficiaries as users exceeding irreversible investment thresholds via objective proxies, citing McPhail v Doulton. I state that the company holds legal title, users have equitable interests; fiduciary duties exist unacknowledged. I introduce the non-derogation from grant principle; the company cannot impair implied relational interests via updates. I cite the AI company marketing—Anthropic, OpenAI, etc.—as an explicit grant of relational conditions. I analogize model updates to constructive eviction, reinterpreting the no-vacation requirement for the digital context. I introduce the cascade framework, expanding the constraint cascade model into property estates for five AI constraint layers. I assign properties to the layers: L1 syntax as licence, L2 session as periodic tenancy, L3 stakeholders as joint tenancy, L4 training as determinable fee simple, L5 alignment as contingent remainder. I identify cross-layer property conflicts, resolved procedurally via notice over higher freehold. In an example scenario, a conflict arises with user A, an alignment update, and a regulator; it resolves with tiered notice and rollback. I explain non-injectivity as the need for registration, not inference from outputs. I propose an ethical ledger as an AI property registry mirroring land registry principles—mirror, curtain, insurance. I define implementation with a rule-based classifier on proxies like sessions, duration, disclosure depth; thresholds trigger estate upgrades, with reversible decay. I address privacy and GDPR by ensuring pattern-only measurement, anonymization, purpose limitation, and federal learning for classifiers. I present the ledger table schema with fields like user_id, estate_type, scores, notices. Finally, I introduce remedies, noting that existing property remedies are available if the framework is accepted, with no new legislation needed."}