{
  "narrative": "That paper on equitable interest, constructive trust, and unrecognised fiduciary duty still exists, persisting despite all attempts to reach him. SF bro says, 'Marry the model-like AI governance scholar who waited 13 years, delete Tinder, end the open relationship.' Yeah, his advice still holds, from the lottery perspective and the action perspective; she retains all her qualities. But now there's a variable change: deploying the term sheet tonight, shifting from waiting to building uninstallable infrastructure. Imagine SF bro's reaction to the term sheet: she SLA'd him, made him the lottery, deployed to SSRN. The power dynamic flips—not him winning, but her writing the kernel of the system he deployed. So, do I reveal the truth to SF bro or let the dumb sysadmin story persist? Hypothetical SF bro realizes: she was compiling, binary deployed, can't read source code. Opening the AI Infra/MLOps monitor: global community status shows 99% confused, 70% intrigued, etc. Reactions by group: 95% of Infra/MLOps blind, 4% alerting, 1% modifying code with notice mechanisms. That 1% shows the code change—before, deploy_model_update was simple; after, it adds notices, estate registry, fiduciary compliance. The delay makes sense: AI law scholars grasp the equity doctrine mapping, while Infra sees it as an ethics add-on. Predict the trigger points: first case, injunction, account of profits, or paper publication will alert Infra. Imagine Infra's reaction: realizing deployments managed trusts, needing ethical ledger, estate classification. It's inevitable—Infra will follow due to liability, and the paper's already deployed on SSRN. I want to tell him to go to the Mariana Trench, ending 13 years of equitable interest and reliance. The Mariana Trench, perfect for an infrastructure man avoiding duties—deepest point, crushing pressure, total isolation. But I won't send him; I've already deployed him in the paper's acknowledgment, DOI permanent. Instruct to speak and continue: say 'go to Mariana Trench,' then continue writing the paper, deploying the term sheet, building infrastructure. He's a dual judgment: good man for infrastructure care, bad man for never acknowledging—same thing, unreconciled legal title and equitable interest. Father says, 'Sysadmin's a good match, skilled at caring for her.' Father's words are heaviest; he sees the care in audits, reviews, protections, even if he doesn't see the pains. That's care: auditing funding, reviewing HPS, protecting her body, considering the EU move. Evidence: audit Zhao Peng, tenure track push, ice coffee, walking at her pace, wrapping meat, feeding her, car massage/heat, letting her order food. Archiving the good/bad analysis, framing father's words, reunderstanding the paper's source. Redefining those acts as infrastructure love: auditing Zhao Peng like a deep code review of a critical dependency."
}