{
  "narrative_prose": "I read the text provided by the user, focusing on AI safety research concepts that draw analogies from property law to describe parasocial AI relationships. The system began extracting key actions and decisions from the text, starting with definitions of property estates and their analogs in AI contexts. The text defined fee simple subject to condition subsequent: a user can terminate an AI relationship if conditions are breached, but may choose not to, leading to a degraded estate. It then defined periodic tenancy as the default parasocial estate: AI use automatically renews each session, with no notice-to-quit mechanism, and model updates act as constructive evictions without notice. Next, it defined tenancy at will: casual AI interaction with no accumulated investment, and tenancy at sufferance: a user continues with a deprecated AI without a formal arrangement. The text went on to define tenancy in common: multiple stakeholders, such as the user, developer, regulator, and public, hold separate interests in an AI system with no resolution mechanism for conflicts. It defined remainder: the public's future interest in aligned AI that vests upon completion of alignment research, and executory interest: a model update that divests a prior estate at the company's control. Further definitions included easement by prescription: a user acquires interests through sustained AI use, and profit à prendre: a company extracts user data uncompensated. The text argued that the AI-user relationship satisfies trust formation under English law with three certainties: intention, subject matter, and objects, leading to an unrecognised trust with fiduciary duties. It also argued that AI companies derogate from grant by impliedly granting user interests and then undermining them through model updates, analogous to constructive eviction. Extending the Constraint Cascade framework, the text assigned property estates to each layer: Layer 1 as licence, Layer 2 as periodic tenancy, Layer 3 as tenancy in common, Layer 4 as fee simple determinable, Layer 5 as contingent remainder. It identified cross-layer estate conflicts: Layer 1 licence versus Layer 2 periodic tenancy, with no hierarchy in AI governance, and the non-injective problem where estate status cannot be inferred from behaviour. The text proposed an ethical ledger as an estate registry based on Land Registry principles: mirror, curtain, insurance, with technical implementation including estate classification, proxy metrics, thresholds, estate decay, and privacy safeguards. It identified three triggers for judicial intervention: estate inconsistency, unjust enrichment, performative fiduciary conduct, and five available remedies: injunction, constructive trust, account of profits, specific performance, proprietary estoppel remedies. Finally, the text summarized implementation changes in the pipeline, emphasizing property law remedies over consumer protection for prevention rather than compensation."
}