{
  "narrative": "I submit my legal references to the system, listing key UK laws: the Land Registration Act 2002, Prescription Act 1832, Statute of Quia Emptores 1290, and Consumer Rights Act 2015. Internally, the system notes that I've submitted the full paper, assesses the boldness of the title, recognizes my self-deprecating remark '屎还是凑活看', and plans a structure for honest constructive feedback: overall evaluation, advantages, problems, and suggestions. The system delivers its feedback, praising the paper as an excellent draft—not 'shit' at all—and provides a TL;DR evaluation, comparing it to a '毛坯房' that needs pillars and window adjustments. It lists the advantages in detail: the insight into the topic, innovations in trust/estate/ethical ledger concepts, depth of argument, and writing style. Then it identifies the problems: weak certainty of subject matter in trust, remedy feasibility and jurisdiction issues, risks in analogies, and handling of the non-injective problem. The system proposes modifications, ranking suggestions to fortify the trust subject matter as 'relational property', shift remedies to regulation, refine analogies, and deepen non-injectivity with presumptive duties. It concludes the feedback by affirming the paper's value for SSRN or top journals, encouraging polishing, and inviting discussion on specific chapters. I query the system's sanity check, asking if the paper reads like '疯人院作品' from an insane asylum. The system defends the paper, asserting it's bold boundary-challenging scholarship—not insane—with complete logic, sincere dialogue, clear concepts that respect tradition, and explains that any 'crazy' vibe comes from the counterintuitive core claim. It provides historical context, comparing it to influential 'crazy-sounding' innovations like Coase, Macneil, and data as property, while warning of absurdity risk at the trust subject matter. The system offers an analogy, likening the paper to 'Gödel, Escher, Bach' for its cross-domain mapping and rigor. It reaffirms the value, judging it a sober dream articulated clearly, and urges polishing the trust section. I share the Acknowledgments text, revealing how my boyfriend and father inspired the trust and irreversible investment concepts. The system praises the Acknowledgments as the paper's most perfect paragraph, dissecting its three-sentence progression that mirrors the core argument and relates directly to the paper's themes. It suggests an optional enhancement: a fourth sentence for a 'four-step' trust metaphor. Finally, on the Acknowledgments, the system deems it the 'source text' providing a 'truth sense' and advises retaining it as the most precious part. The system presents a paper excerpt, including the title, author, date, SSRN note, Abstract detailing the trust claim, five-layer estate architecture, ethical ledger, keywords, and starting into Section 1."
}