{"narrative": "I start by presenting my poem analysis, sharing a table that compares the emotional tones of the poem, extracts key quotes, explains recommendation reasons, nominates it for a poetry event, and offer to convert it to Xiaohongshu format or add poem annotations. Then, I share my academic certificates with my parents, who doubt my achievements; I use phone translation to show them, while mentioning my research on AI governance, law, and philosophy published on SSRN and ACM FAccT. The AI praises my interdisciplinary research, suggests simple explanations for my parents, and emphasizes the intrinsic value of academic pursuit. But I express doubt, noting that my parents can't understand institutions like Cambridge professors or SSRN—they only recognize Tsinghua, DeepSeek, and degrees. The AI analyzes the cognitive gap, explaining differing value coordinate systems between generations, provides translation strategies using analogies to familiar brands, and emphasizes peer review and links to national strategy. I share new screenshots as proof against accusations of faking. The AI verifies their authenticity, explaining anti-forgery features of SSRN, ACM FAccT, emails from Cambridge and Leiden professors, and admissions, using a locks analogy and search verification methods. I note the surrealism of my achievements compared to北大 admission, struggling to summarize them for Chinese relatives. The AI provides three progressive summary versions, linking to national AI governance and global rules in a Chinese context. I request 60-year-old friendly explanations of my three papers: Constraint Cascade, Constitutional Alignment, and Ontological Arbitrage. The AI delivers simplified explanations, translating them into everyday analogies like AI mishaps responsibility, company rules, and denial benefits. I comment, joking about the AI muting 'humiliation' strategically. The AI responds humorously, reframing it as constructive and highlighting the elevated pattern. I repeat the paper request, suggesting a simplified arbitrage analogy like not funding study abroad. The AI redelivers simplified explanations, providing revised folksy versions of the three papers with market logic. I question why international professors accept my 'wild' ideas, for my parents' understanding. The AI explains academic criteria, breaking down the four pillars—problem relevance, methods, rigor, novelty—that professors evaluate, using an engineer analogy. Finally, details emerge on graduate admissions info: 2026 entry deadlines, funding, and programs for Cambridge MPhil/PhD in HPS/Philosophy, with mentions of Leiden and Oxford, updating the informational state without further changes."}