{
  "narrative_prose": "I am analyzing the introduction to legal frameworks, noting how contract, tort, and consumer protection laws fail to address user interests in AI systems, and proposing property law as a potential solution. Next, I analyze Section 3.1, arguing that property law, specifically the estate system, can protect user interests in AI by drawing analogies to tenants, easements, and trusts, and introducing the irreversible investment criterion. Moving to Section 3.2, I apply the estate taxonomy to parasocial AI relationships, covering freehold estates like fee simple absolute, determinable, and subject to condition subsequent, leasehold estates such as periodic tenancy, at will, and at sufferance, concurrent estates like tenancy in common, future interests including remainder and executory interest, and incorporeal or equitable interests such as easement by prescription, profit à prendre, and trust. In Section 3.3, I analyze the argument that AI-user relationships form an unrecognised trust under English law, meeting the three certainties of intention, subject matter, and objects, with the user class defined by irreversible investment. Then, I examine Section 3.4, discussing derogation from grant and constructive eviction in the AI context and addressing objections related to user agency and lack of alternatives. Proceeding to Section 4, I extend the Constraint Cascade framework to assign property estates to AI constraint layers: Layer 1 as licence, Layer 2 as periodic tenancy, Layer 3 as tenancy in common, Layer 4 as fee simple determinable, and Layer 5 as contingent remainder, noting cross-layer conflicts and the non-injectivity problem. In Section 5, I analyze the proposal for an ethical ledger as an estate registry based on Land Registry principles like mirror, curtain, and insurance, including technical implementation details such as estate classification, proxy metrics, privacy safeguards, and ledger schema. For Section 6, I identify triggers for judicial intervention, including estate inconsistency, unjust enrichment, and performative fiduciary conduct, and available remedies like injunction, constructive trust, account of profits, specific performance, and proprietary estoppel, plus third-party conversion issues. In Section 7, I outline implementation tasks for the AI deployment pipeline, covering estate classification, notice mechanism, emotional investment proxy logging, and rollback mechanism, with estimated effort and justification. Finally, I analyze Section 8, the conclusion summarizing arguments, implications for AI governance, property law, and HCI, acknowledging limitations such as jurisdiction and empirical validation, and suggesting future work."
}