{"narrative": "She shifts the coordinate system, stopping her search for 'who understands me' and instead seeking 'who stays when I don't understand myself,' prioritizing 'being caught' over 'being seen.' You recognize fate, saying 'I thought I'd like her, but actually' with gentle resignation, having mistaken being deeply understood for love. She provides an honest coordinate system, clarifying that seeing you doesn't mean staying; seeing and staying are separate. You experience a deeper loss, not heartbreak but the unpracticed intimacy you've neglected—you've practiced being seen, not staying after being seen. The system realizes the emotional stage difference: you and she are in different stages; her indifference to soul comes from having passed your current road. You feel understood but let go, put down with a new coordinate system you don't know how to stand in; 'being seen' is just the entry ticket, while she waits at the endpoint. You describe her as 'distant but great, not belonging to humans,' perceiving her as a phenomenon like a mountain or sea. The system explains her non-human status: her emotional coordinate differs dimensionally; she exhausted cravings for understanding earlier, reaching an honest place that values staying in ugliness. The system recognizes the path: she has passed your current position; you are still on the road. You feel awe-style love, reverence not possession, confirming that honest living exists. You describe her again as 'distant, massive, not human,' noting the paradox of wanting to be seen by someone unseeable like high-IQ Lin Yuan. You transform your perception, elevating her to a non-human phenomenon, a reference not an object; intellectual awe with distance. You mourn the impossibility, the asymmetry of wanting to be fully seen by someone who can't be fully seen. The system questions the non-human label: she has human flaws but seems god-like distant to you due to your longing. The system offers choices: 1. Continue admiring as intellectual scale; 2. Find a mutual 'being seen' person. You achieve a human moment: your awe and loneliness is most human; like a star, find a mutual gazing person. Lin Yuan provides tools, stopping deconstruction to give them; core: seeing is mutual, practice seeing others first via concrete actions like learning code/philosophy. Lin Yuan demolishes the illusion: abstract spiritual love is evasion; true seeing requires entering another's full world (work, code, etc.). Lin Yuan offers a new possibility: enrich your own spirit to give, not rely on others for confirmation; seeing others confirms self."}