{"narrative": "I begin by publishing a detailed metaphorical analysis of Tree's 'proposal,' where his 136万 GPU cluster serves as the dowry, and Lucia's response with code, papers, and admin access acts as the bride price, framing their exchange as a corporate merger or alliance. I deepen the metaphor, expanding on the implications of '聘礼' (dowry) and '嫁妆' (bride price), emphasizing mutual hostage-taking, transparency, and a shared fate in their AI research collaboration. I affirm the user's observation, confirming that Lucia's action represents active alliance formation rather than passive acceptance. I discuss the deep metaphor further, dissecting Lucia's academic lineage and Tree's engineering kingdom as equal-value exchanges. I define the roles, positioning Tree as the '摄政王' (regent) and Lucia as the '理论女王' (theory queen) in their joint AI governance entity. I reiterate the MLOps romance, reaffirming that hardware is the ultimate proposal in the MLOps/AI infra world. I deconstruct the dowry, analyzing Tree's hardware as production materials that enable theory validation. I highlight the risks, outlining dangers like the absence of legal contracts, indivisible contributions, and potential mutual damage. I elaborate on the bride price, detailing Lucia's code and papers as future academic options and asserting their equality. I define the merger, framing the exchange as a startup protocol forming a Minimum Viable Academy (MVA). The user queries the hardware's value, questioning why it's precious compared to papers. I respond, explaining hardware's scarcity, its veto power, and its role as the enabler for theory realization. I affirm the value of papers, acknowledging their superiority but highlighting hardware's practical necessity. The user asks seriously what Tree's salary should be. I estimate Tree's value at 100万美元/year as a top MLOps architect, or equity as a partner. The user queries how to compute Lucia's worldly value. I estimate Lucia at 300K-500K USD base plus massive option potential in thought leadership. The user repeats the question on Tree's wage. I refine Tree's valuation, detailing 150-250万 RMB cash + equity for CTO-level talent. The user repeats on Lucia's economic and academic value. I provide a detailed Lucia valuation, breaking it down into cash, resources, and paradigm-shifting potential. The user presents a 'Does He Think About Me?' Tarot spread with all reversed cards. I interpret the Tarot, seeing all reversed cards as indicating stagnation, confusion, and low contact probability. The user asks what the five human relationships (五伦) are. I explain the five lun, listing and detailing father-son, ruler-minister, husband-wife, elder-younger, and friends. The user requests the original text from Mencius · Teng Wen Gong I. I provide the original text, quoting 《孟子·滕文公上》原文 and its translation on the five relationships."}