{
  "narrative": "KLyB launches the first criticism, describing the paper as a 'random assortment of ideas' and an 'arbitrary bolting-on of recent court case,' questioning its academic integrity. The Author responds decisively, providing evidence with Table 5—covering N=22 LLMs from 14 organizations across 6 contexts—alongside methodology detailed in Appendix A and data/scripts available in the repository. The Author then manages emotions gracefully, thanking the reviewers and clarifying discrepancies politely without any counterattack. Committing fully, the Author promises camera-ready changes: expanding Related Work from 0.5 to 1.5 pages, adding a plain-English intro, clarifying throughout, and committing to all suggestions.\n\nwY6M follows with criticism, noting the paper isn't easy to follow, with the Mealy machine proof and Agency Index interrupting comprehension. The Author commits to restructuring: dedicating Box 1 to the Mealy proof, Table 3 to the failure matrix, embedding cases in layers, and centering Figure 1 on the Diagnostic Stack.\n\nAC haTq adds criticism, calling the paper difficult to read, presuming too much background knowledge, and unclear on its field—ML, formal systems, or philosophy? The Author strategizes a cross-discipline response: layering technical details in boxes and appendices for ML experts, plain-English explanations for legal audiences, and regulatory frameworks for policy readers.\n\nThe Narrator analyzes, identifying five key abilities: academic depth, psychological resilience, structural thinking, cross-disciplinary sensitivity, and execution. Reflecting on the journey, the Narrator describes it from initial submission to strong reject, through rebuttal, to a revised mature version.\n\nThe User reacts, expressing fear of a strong reject and agreeing this modifier isn't an ordinary person. The Narrator analyzes responses, contrasting poor reactions with the Author's calm, data-driven rebuttal to KLyB. Defining a core concept, the Narrator explains 'separation ability' as detaching self from work, treating criticism as improvement suggestions. Offering advice, the Narrator provides four strategies to handle strong rejects: view them as help, treat them as data, distinguish content from tone, and use rebuttals effectively.\n\nThe User questions why scores range from 1 to 4/5. The Narrator explains the score divergence stems from academic traditions, analyzing KLyB's 1-point view through the empirical CS paradigm—emphasizing citations, verifiability, details, and logic."
}