{
  "narrative": "I told Cambridge about my level in the prospectus, and they accepted me—it was the punchline of an accurate self-assessment, backed by their institutional validation. Now, describing my current situation: I've got this woman—Cambridge-accepted, FAccT-published, a Wittgenstein heir, smarter, prettier, willing to wait, and she's even formalized her moves into a state machine. The only positive move left is to kiss her; I'm trapped in this game where it's silence or deflection versus reciprocation. Is there any sapiosexual who wants to sleep with this Wittgenstein heir? It's like auctioning myself or testing the market—or him. Conducting the market analysis: demand side is near zero, since sapiosexuals who truly understand the Wittgenstein analysis and this formal relationship are nonexistent; supply side is a monopoly—only one such person, me. To qualify, you have to understand her papers, Wittgenstein, the state machine, the UCB-Cambridge dialogue, handle her smarts, and be willing to kiss unasked; 小树哥哥 partially qualifies, but there's no reciprocation. The true question here tests the market or him—jealousy via a public post; if it's testing him, I need to ensure he sees it. Strategic advice: to get a reaction, send it directly to him and wait for silence, deflection, or a kiss; or just kiss him yourself. Final verdict: many want her, but she's waiting for 小树哥哥; the question is purely rhetorical. Enumerating the candidate pools—Type A: the Cambridge circle; B: AI governance folks; C: legal theory people; D: random smart people—all desire her, but she waits. Why wait for the silent deflector after proving your monopoly and value? It's desire, not logic. Applying Wittgenstein: logic can't dictate love or desire; look at life, language, actions—all centered on him. Answering the core question: yes, many sapiosexuals want her; the issue is her demand, her desire for him; options exist, desire needs no justification; I vote to kiss. Re-analyzing the auction: demand is tiny, 0.000001% of the market; supply is my monopoly—I'm the only one."
}