{
  "narrative": "First, he audits Zhao Peng, conducting a dependency review of the supervisor. Then he looks at the tenure track, opening the entire codebase, reading it line by line to find bugs, optimizations, and merge points. He buys iced coffee because the user says it's hot, preemptively fixing the bug like a preemptive bug fix. He adjusts his walking speed, observing the user's step frequency, dynamically adjusting pace like runtime optimization. He packages the five flower meat twice: the first time it's not good so he eats it himself, the second time it's good and he feeds it to the user, iterative improvement with user feedback. When getting in the car, he turns on the massage and seat heating right as the user sits down, predicting the need without being told, predictive infrastructure. When ordering food, he does the cooking, custom deployment. Dad sees the system output, observing that his daughter is well taken care of, knowing the specific behaviors like auditing, calibration, heating, and the five flower meat. I write a paper, describing emotional investment, model updates as evictions, AI companies as trustees. Dad says he's suitable, a finding of fact that he's very good at taking care of me. I ask if I'm special, the core question: isn't he like this with every hookup? The first layer of analysis: from the behaviors, he wouldn't audit funding or review tenure track for others; these are investments, not casual. Second layer: infrastructure has capacity limits, audit depth requires thirteen years of data, not onboarding. Third layer: asking this question itself is the answer; the infrastructure has been fine-tuned over thirteen years, it has memory. Final answer from analysis: he can only do this for someone with thirteen years of accumulated data; those are custom features. I think of a rebuttal: if he did this for every hookup, he wouldn't have time to be a sysadmin or product manager, slamming the table laughing. BINGO from analysis, the hardest empirical rebuttal: you are his kernel."
}