{"narrative": "I present the formula: A = D_KL / MDL along with detailed specifications, and add a technical terminology glossary in Appendix B. Next, I address reviewer pJrJ's concern #3 by clarifying the complementarity between machine unlearning and the layer-5 refusal mechanism, providing the complete argument library in Section 6, and including rebuttal text that explains the complementary mechanisms with plans to add clarification in Section 2.5. I provide arguments for machine unlearning methods: 1. data influence removal, 2. targeted fine-tuning, 3. input classification, 4. user modeling; highlighting the key distinction of judging input acceptability rather than output safety. I explain the complementarity: machine unlearning handles what the model knows, while the refusal mechanism handles what the model does; exemplified by GDPR right to be forgotten. I draft the debunk text: machine unlearning acts on weights (L4), refusal mechanism on inputs (L5), with a complementarity table, planning clarification in Section 2.5. Then, I address reviewer pJrJ's concern #4: the empirical validation on page 9 needs more context, providing the full method from Section 4.2, and expanding the rebuttal text into a paragraph with validation details. I detail the empirical validation: temperature scan τ∈[0.1,2.0], models Llama-3.1-8B-Instruct and Phi-3.5-mini, including baseline, scan, metrics, and limitations. I draft the expanded text: 22 production models, model selection criteria, temperature scan, cross-validation, limitations, pointing to future work. Now, I respond to reviewer wY6M (weak accept → lock/upgrade), addressing concern #1: lacking regulatory contextualization. I provide the regulatory library for Sections 1 and 7: legal frameworks, EU AI Act, NIST AI RMF. I draft a new paragraph for rebuttal: adding a new paragraph in Section 1 explicitly covering US laws, EU AI Act, NIST standards. For concern #2 from wY6M: the Mealy machine proof disrupts the narrative, I provide the current structure and suggest restructuring into Box 1. I propose the restructured form: Section 3.1 prose + Box 1 formal proof + Section 3.2 legal implications, with a 2-sentence summary in the main text. I draft the debunk text: implementation suggestions, improving narrative flow while retaining rigor. For concern #3 from wY6M: need a failure mapping table, I provide the failure analysis from Section 5 and suggest Table 3. I propose Table 3: common AI failures mapped to layers (hallucinations, jailbreaks, biases, etc.), diagnostic features, examples. I draft the table content for rebuttal: adding Table 3, providing actionable diagnostic mappings. Finally, for concern #4 from wY6M: case studies should integrate with layer descriptions, I provide current and suggested restructured forms. I propose the integrated structure: new Section 2.x for each layer including definition, constraint propagation, case studies (Yuanbao, Soelberg, Garcia, etc.)."}