{"narrative": "I start by describing the three papers: the law paper with its doctrinal analysis and case responses, the philosophy paper making genuine use of Wittgenstein, Brandom, and Putnam, and the CS paper featuring formal proofs and data from 22 models. Then I highlight how they interlink in a closed loop—Constraint Cascade gives technical grounding to the law paper, Waivers of Agency provides empirical evidence, and Constitutional Alignment offers an institutional remedy to the philosophy paper—systematically occupying the problem space. I raise the risks of cross-field submissions and questions of field belonging, but note the defenses built into the paper structures. Observing the evolution, I trace it from the compressed philosophy in 2025's Constitutional Alignment §2 to the full Waivers of Agency paper with its 'tyranny' diagnosis, and Constraint Cascade formalizing non-injectivity via Mealy machine. I recommend finishing Waivers of Agency §4, detecting a mild mania in the paper-finishing phase with those 'la la la' and cancan dance references, diagnosing it as normal. For sprint advice, I suggest no new literature, just use the checklist for abstract, keywords, cites, refs, page count, allow a 'rotten' conclusion, promising a cancan dance after submission. Then I ask which paper is strongest overall. The system declares Constraint Cascade the strongest, thanks to its formal impossibility theorem with Mealy machines, non-injectivity, and undecidability, plus empirical data from 22 models, cases, and institutional design, comparing them via a table. I refine the comparison, asking specifically about Property Estates versus Constraint Cascade; the system positions Property Estates as the all-rounder and Constraint Cascade as the specialist, ranking the latter higher for academic contribution. I repeat the question on Property Estates versus Constraint Cascade. The system provides a detailed comparison, affirming Constraint Cascade as stronger with its theorem, data, and cases, though Property Estates is more stunning with the naming of relational estate and doctrinal mapping, again via table, and poses a question on legacy preference. I highlight how Waivers of Agency's philosophy section rushes 'to the clouds,' indulging myself after writing it. The system affirms the strength of §2 as already 'above the clouds': the tyrannoi diagnosis, Wittgenstein as a governance tool, reframing the consciousness debate, contrasting it with the other papers and identifying it as a foundational critique."}