{
  "narrative_prose": "I am analyzing Reviewer 1's scoring logic: it identifies a need for precision at the formal results-governance conclusion interface. My target is to increase the score from 8/10 to 9/10. I plan the required edit for Reviewer 1: narrow the 'Liability Paradox' statement to a weaker, defensible form. I plan another edit for Reviewer 1: add a formal 'claim ladder' subsection after Section 3.2. I plan another edit for Reviewer 1: define a non-circular Layer 3 localization criterion. I plan another edit for Reviewer 1: rewrite the conclusion into three separate paragraphs—structural, institutional, and normative. I analyze Reviewer 2's scoring logic: it identifies the main risk point, opposing overburdened empirical inferences. My target is to increase the score from 6/10 to 7-7.5/10. I plan the required edit for Reviewer 2: rename empirical section claims to clarify scope. I plan another edit for Reviewer 2: surface anchor-relativity from the appendix to the main text as an explanatory statement. I plan another edit for Reviewer 2: add a 'what this result does not prove' paragraph after reporting 20% non-invariance. I plan another edit for Reviewer 2: add an inference map from empirical results to architecture. I plan another edit for Reviewer 2: demote 'confirms three distinct failure mechanisms' to 'provides evidence consistent with three observed mechanism classes'. I analyze Reviewer 3's scoring logic: it likes the architecture but worries about doctrinal overreach and mixed identity. My target is to increase the score from 7/10 to 8/10. I plan the required edit for Reviewer 3: state the paper's primary identity in the introduction as a governance-theory paper. I plan another edit for Reviewer 3: reframe Table 5 as heuristic, retitle it to 'Illustrative layer-to-liability mapping', and add a disclaimer sentence. I plan another edit for Reviewer 3: add a subsection 'Why this is not only a sociotechnical critique' with distinct contribution points. I plan another edit for Reviewer 3: harden case-source asymmetry by adding source-status notes, such as court filing or confirmed report. I plan another edit for Reviewer 3: replace categorical phrases with safer formulations, like changing 'common site of governance failure' to 'recurring site in analyzed cases'. I analyze the AC's scoring logic: it asks if the paper can be safely accepted without backlash. My target is to convert from weak accept to confident accept. I plan the required edit for the AC: add a one-paragraph 'contribution statement' at the end of the introduction with conceptual, formal, empirical contributions and non-claims. I plan another edit for the AC: make the body match the cover letter by replicating disclaimers in the paper. I plan another edit for the AC: add an explicit sentence on acceptance frame near the conclusion. I analyze the Senior AC's scoring logic: it wants portfolio clarity and to reduce polarization. My target is to preserve acceptance in the final discussion. I plan the required edit for the Senior AC: remove universalizing phrases that exceed proof, such as 'no legal framework' or 'structurally inapplicable'. I plan another edit for the Senior AC: add a 'limits of proof' subsection before the conclusion with two paragraphs on structural results and remaining aspects. I plan another edit for the Senior AC: preserve distinctiveness by keeping core claims—like five layers and Layer 3 boundary—while reducing overclaim. I set cross-panel priority order: Priority 1, which includes the highest score gain per edit, covers rewriting the Liability Paradox corollary, surfacing anchor-relativity, and adding a genre statement. Priority 2 includes defining the Layer 3 localization criterion, retitling Table 5, and splitting the conclusion. Priority 3 includes adding source-status notes, replacing 'confirms' with 'consistent with', and adding the 'limits of proof' subsection. I summarize the net strategic formula: preserve thesis strength, reduce claim scope, increase inferential labeling. Keep architecture, structural limits, and audit; reduce universal legal language; mark inferences by level; state what is and is not proven."
}