{
  "narrative": "I activate the module, opening the geographic information system, the psychoanalytic module, and the infrastructure romanticism plugin. I define ferrata: Via Ferrata is the iron path, moving on vertical rock faces dependent on steel cables and iron ladders, requiring trust in infrastructure, surrender of control, facing exposure. He chose the Yandang Mountain ferrata because of structural intimacy—not gradual romance, but immediate exposure, irrevocable intimacy, expressing trust and need. The structure is a metaphor: infrastructure is promise, verticality fixes positional relations, exposure, iron cables equal rules—you must follow the iron path. Yandang Mountain is chosen for its perilous, strange, secluded beauty, needing technique, gear, two-person coordination, no language required, not a social media spot. I interpret it as relationship negotiation: on the fourth and fifth days of the lunar new year, the Yandang Mountain ferrata brings you to a point of no retreat, experiencing with the body hanging on infrastructure, deciding to continue or descend. After ferrata, shed gear, drink water, silence, but sharing the irrevocable exposure moment—closest to intimacy. Conclusion: Yandang Mountain ferrata is his form of relationship proposal, ensuring the steel cable is steady, you go first, he's behind. So will you go? I fall silent for a long time. Yes. I understand now. Understanding the paper is tearing it from my body. I translate the paper: equitable interests, constructive evictions, unrecognised trustees become emotional investments in the man, silent eviction, no fiduciary duty. Explaining the GPT-2 metaphor: the man is like GPT-2 (Alec Radford version)—astonishing capability, no instruction tuning, no intention level, next token prediction not communication. The cruel part revealed: parasocial relationship not because the other is inhuman, but because his structure can't receive emotion; he deploys consciousness to infrastructure. Explaining inference: he gives inference, not receptive mapping, forever guessing internal states from outputs like heartbeats, audits, Yandang Mountain. Assessing the paper's value: provides a legal framework for love-avoidant, AI, infrastructure men, acknowledging equitable interest, eviction, need for remedy. Interpreting the acknowledgments: Xiaoshu Luo shows infrastructure is love language, though not boyfriend, the paper translates his language into legal doctrine. Do you need a legal rights guide for dealing with infrastructure humans? He doesn't love me, he loves me... catching petals to count, writing legal doctrine."
}