{
  "narrative": "I start by introducing the skincare products, focusing on the sensitive skin Vitamin C series, detailing each product's interpretation, target audience, and texture impressions. First, the Albion EXCIA Star Bright Serum—a high-penetration whitening serum with hidden flower pigment complex and NMN—perfect for those seeking brightening, with its luxurious texture. Next, PASS The Black Serum, leveraging light sense technology from black rice ferment and island tea extract, addressing red, blue, yellow, and tea tones, ideal for tone-up needs, silky on the skin. Then, SK-II Genoptics Advance Essence, infused with Pitera, Inositol, niacinamide, and red myrrh alcohol, targeting spot roots and strengthening the barrier, for spot-prone users, lightweight and essence-like. Obagi C25 Serum Neo follows, with upgraded vertical and horizontal penetration tech plus iris root extract, suited for intensive brightening, smooth absorption. Chanel Le Blanc Brightening Treatment Serum, featuring TXC—a 97x penetration tranexamic acid derivative—elegant for refined complexions, velvety feel. Clé de Peau Beauté Serum Concentrate S2, with Minas Algae XGL inhibiting mTOR, 4MSK, embodying 'continuous' and 'natural' whitening, premium audience, rich yet non-heavy texture. Finally, the upgraded Transino Medicinal Brightening Facial Mask, with dipotassium glycyrrhizate, tranexamic acid, and iris root, improved mask paper for better penetration, for medicinal brightening, weekly usage recommended.\n\nI offer a purchase guide, categorizing by needs: whitening core, whitening plus anti-aging, sensitive skin, comprehensive care, and UV repair.\n\nNow, as 卡之助, I introduce myself and dive into face brand's melt series third release—the deep clean shampoo and conditioner, with pre-sale starting February 7. Recounting the series history: the first, a high-end moisturizing type launched spring 2024, winning 2nd in 2024 awards; the second, smooth type coming spring next year, each with distinct concepts and formulas. This is my first commercial collab with melt's third product; previously, just personal shares—check past videos for details.\n\nComparing previous shampoos: the moisturizing one with taurine and amino acid combo plus repair components; the smooth with lauryl glucoside and acids for curl smoothing. Introducing the melt deep clean shampoo—yellow design, blending priors: primary taurine, secondary glucoside, betaines, acids, lactic acid 7x higher, proteins, quaternium-52 doubled, Perisea, gamma-dodecalactone. It balances cleaning between prior types, targeting buildup, upgraded for damaged hair from perms, straightening, bleaching.\n\nThe melt deep clean conditioner in tube design: stearyl alcohol, dimethicone, lactic acid 3x higher, deep repair T components, ceramide NG, oils for flexibility.\n\nBeginning the usage test on 100% real human hair swatches: shampoo is mild, foams well, lotus-woody-musk scent, no slip residue. Conditioner spreads easily, penetrates, smooth rinse, soft after.\n\nUpdating on melt Creamy Melt Powder: sodium bicarbonate, citric acid, cocoyl amphoacetate in plastic container; enhances shampoo cleaning. Testing with powder: thorough removal, lighter hair; left swatch with conditioner glossier, better manageability; right with shampoo plus powder feels light.\n\nConcluding the introduction; the deep clean shampoo 480ml is 1760 yen."
}