{"narrative": "I can't help but praise this product from the brand—it's so thoughtfully designed, it really touches my heart, and I've decided to go with the BENEFIQUE heat-sensing cleansing balm. Let me introduce the BENEFIQUE heat-sensing cleansing balm upgraded version: it provides a warm sensation, quickly fuses with dirt, relaxes and fluffs up the skin, rinses off easily, has a relaxing fragrance, and offers a booster effect. I recommend pairing it with Benefique facial cleanser for that squeaky-clean feel, making your skin like freshly tilled soil, easily absorbing subsequent skincare products. You should buy the怡丽丝尔 and alternate with the Benefique heat-sensing cleansing balm— the heat sensation is so effective, elevating the warmth to another level. Now, transitioning to makeup, let's talk about the Shiseido INTEGRATE Perfect Mood Rotating Eye Pencil (Kajal Eye Artist). This Kajal Eye Artist is a three-in-one eyeshadow, eyeliner, and brow pencil: super smooth application, great color payoff, long-lasting resistance to sweat, sebum, and tears, and perfect for travel. Speaking of travel convenience, with all those risks on the go, it has a built-in smudging sponge tip and sharpener—you can sharpen the tip precisely, rotate without jamming, and I recommend shade 04 red bean red and 01 brown tones. Next, I recommend Clé de Peau Beauté Serum Concentre Éclat Lucide whitening essence: it cares for the face and targets dull spots, provides a refreshing hydration, balances metals, and is perfect for reducing yellow tones and brightening. I strongly recommend the N199 sponge and puff cleaner as a consumable—citing research from Aston University in the UK on bacterial proliferation (tens of thousands to a million per square centimeter, including E. coli, staphylococcus, and mold). It's crucial to clean them weekly or every 2-3 days; this dedicated cleaner is gentle and doesn't harden the sponge, extends its lifespan, and reduces bacterial impact on the skin. Also, try Eudermine Red Honeysuckle lotion: a classic product with 4MSK for whitening, softens the skin, and penetrates well when wiped with a cotton pad. To wrap up this seminar, take advantage of the June 16-30 beauty points 10% rebate event—shopping at Shiseido's online store is so convenient."}