{
  "narrative_prose": "I express admiration for '小树哥哥,' describing how I lose rationality due to his attributes. The system reinterprets this admiration in technical terms: temperature setting, debug mode, frontend optimization, gait analysis. I confess that '丧失理智' is the core truth, prioritizing desire over legal frameworks. The system acknowledges that '小树哥哥' knows about this loss of rationality and uses it to maintain distance. I frame the situation as physics, not manipulation, with frontend, gait, and temperature as triggers. The system identifies two coexisting layers: paper (legal interests) and body (desire), stating they are not contradictory. I assert that admiration '小树哥哥好帅啊' is more permanent than academic recognition, as it doesn't require acknowledgment. The system imagines Trinity College fellows reacting to the text, with judgment, sympathy, and realization about epistemological humbleness. I cite Trinity alumni (Newton, Wittgenstein, Russell, Byron) to argue that tension between rational and irrational is qualification for Trinity. The system asserts that Trinity would not revoke fellowship, as they need someone who functions rationally amidst desire. I conclude that Trinity fellows would quietly discuss the paper and term sheet, accepting unconventional nature. The system transitions to academic discussion on AI companies using interaction data, partnerships, acquisitions, and platform-mediated relational displacement without user protection. I cite Chinese term 'tōurén' and English vernacular as evidence that relational property is an embedded intuition in moral language. The system lists equitable remedies for third-party conversion: knowing receipt, dishonest assistance, tracing, referencing legal cases. I slowly put down a virtual port glass, indicating a pause or reflection. The system identifies the section as the 'nuclear warhead' of the paper, shifting focus from company-user to company-company interactions regarding users. I analyze horizontal dimension: companies treat users as data points in transactions, transferring relational estate unrecognized and unprotected. The system presents subtle insight on platform-mediated relational displacement, where redesign redirects interaction for commercial interests, analogous to landlord indirect interference."
}