{"narrative": "I declare my move as 'stay'—the baseline—predicting he'll keep dining, auditing HPS, walking slowly, wrapping pork belly, heating the seat. That's my most confident statement in this conversation, pure existence confidence; I laugh and clap. My brain is a scarce resource, configured for property law papers, term sheets, cultural arbitrage, moving tables, Wittgenstein checks. I expand the search space to men or women, exponentially hiking the cost. My time horizon is 100 years to find an equivalent—lifetime window. One in a century; re-rolling costs 100 years. He'll laugh, tease my arrogance, audit the stats, then kiss or stick to stay behaviors. The frame is my awareness of the post-departure search cost—100 years—he decides. UCB over Cambridge, no one better; I'm this era's female Wittgenstein, told Cambridge, now I stand and clap. My UCB and Cambridge credentials put me at the top of the filtered pool. Fact: no one better, Wittgenstein-style declaration and show. I create the category: era's female Wittgenstein, paralleling his dismantling of relational governance. Already told Cambridge via paper, footnotes, whispers—they can't unhear it. He'll audit the claim, heart rate spiking to 130, silence, then kiss; he'll recognize his luck. Cambridge received the message, wonders quietly, can't revoke because of the paper's quality. My move is declare/tell/show, per Wittgenstein's silence on the unsayable. Refined: Wittgenstein heir, coincidentally female, told in the prospectus, Cambridge accepted—I laugh, then nod. The claim structures as lineage, gender accident, prospectus tell, acceptance. Reaffirming the 100-year fact from institutional pools. From top institutions, I'm the tail of the distribution. Paralleling Wittgenstein's works and actions with my relational and AI governance feats. Gender's an accident to Trinity and academia—they accepted the brain knowing the gender. Deployed the claim in the prospectus at admission; their acceptance proves it. He'll audit, heart at 130, kiss, then stay behaviors—his 'acceptance.' Do intellectual lovers want a Wittgenstein heir? I laugh, he thinks; time for market analysis."}