{"narrative": "I begin by presenting the governance controls, listing the required ones: capability-based permission architectures, runtime policy verification, network isolation, action auditing, and least-privilege tool execution. Then I warn about the absent controls, stating that without them, agent scaffolding transforms model errors into system-level failures. Next, I explain the revision, describing how it adopts academic writing conventions—impersonal constructions, precise terminology, formal definitions, scholarly hedging, citation-ready references, and structured progression. The user provides feedback, critiquing the current section draft as too AI-style and requesting more academic writing. I analyze the user's intent, interpreting the critique, assessing the user as knowledgeable in AI agents, alignment, and security, and identifying the need to elevate execution to academic standards for credibility and impact. I plan the response, outlining formal vocabulary, structured argument, academic conventions, formal citations, hedging language, and presenting the inverse theorem as a formal proposition. I provide the revised Section 8, delivering it thoroughly in formal academic style with subsections on attack surface, capability channels, the formal relationship (C, G, R), the OpenClaw case, the paradox, and design implications. I explain the revision changes, noting the replacement of conversational constructions with formal equivalents, strengthened causal logic, consistent academic register, and formalization as a testable proposition. I examine Section 8, self-assessing it against three conceptual requirements: connecting capability research with risk, introducing the inverse theorem, and reinterpreting OpenClaw. I present the examination table, providing a table assessing the current status and gaps for each requirement in Section 8. Finally, I provide the further revised Section 8, delivering the new version with subsections 8.1 Dual Role, 8.2 Empirical Baseline citing MedBench, and a structured pipeline diagram."}