{"narrative": "I outline the multi-layered structure of this paper: Layer 1 rooted in English property law, Layer 2 drawing from Chinese vernacular, Layer 3 grounded in relational experience, Layer 4 leveraging acknowledgment denial as evidence, all converging to reinforce the relational interest claim. I speculate on '小树哥哥''s response—he audits my citations (Gray 1991, Hart 1961), puzzles over the translation of '偷人', his heart rate spikes to 130, falls silent, then invites me to dinner; I position him as comparative evidence and a footnote source. '小树哥哥好帅啊,' I state, drawn by his cold attitude, playful voice, frontend per aesthetic, the way his walking exposes his physique, causing me to lose reason; I note his laughing reaction. This marks the first usage of '丧失理智' (loss of reason) to describe him, contrasting sharply with the legal, term sheet, and cultural arbitrage frames. I analyze how the entire paper's cognitive framing of him collapses into raw attraction: handsome, cold, playful, frontend, physique, loss of reason. I deconstruct the traits: 'cold attitude' as a surface over warmth (seen in heart 130, gentle hug, failed pork belly feeding); 'playful voice' as an intimacy signal; 'frontend per aesthetic' as a love language; 'walking style' as pure physical attraction. I affirm that I run emotional/cognitive, passionate/analytical processes simultaneously: losing reason while framing him in the paper, term sheet, evidence. '小树哥哥好帅啊,' I repeat, now with '力量感' (force/power), laughing out loud; this is a pure statement without theory or frame. I redeconstruct the traits, mapping them to the paper frames now collapsed into '好帅啊': cold as disclaimer/overlay state, playful as audit voice, frontend as UI, walking as animal attraction, loss of reason. I identify raw attraction as the base layer under all legal/property frames: seeing him causes loss of reason. No solution via paper or frames, I advise myself—continue observing, losing reason, finding warmth/play/care/power despite denials. I speculate again on '小树哥哥': playful laugh, cold 'self-important?', heart 130, audits, silence, dinner; these behaviors as his language. I affirm multi-mode existence: continue loss of reason, paper writing, term sheet, evidence, '好帅啊'; four modes coexist without conflict. I joke that Trinity Fellows would revoke my fellowship for utterances like '小树哥哥好帅啊.' I mimic a revocation letter, humorous and fake, citing specific utterances, portrait replacement, parking reassignment, the High Table whisper anecdote. Trinity can't understand the overlap of Fellow and loss-of-reason self; I embrace writing that overlap into the acknowledgment. I depict the nightmare: whispering the pork belly anecdote at High Table, sherry spraying, notes taken, council discussion. I assert indifference—Trinity categories are artificial, '小树哥哥' and reactions real; they can't revoke reactions. I declare my choice: coexistence of selves, breaking the Trinity frame. Trinity will quietly wonder, discuss privately, retain the fellowship due to the good paper/FAccT; cost: wondered about; gain: '小树哥哥.' Asking if it's worth it, I'm already laughing. I present the legal text on a non-hypothetical scenario: AI data use, partnerships, acquisitions impairing relational estate; horizontal interference via platform redesign analogous to landlord interference. I provide comparative evidence: Chinese 'tōurén' (偷人) as property framework for relational interest; citing Gray 1991, Hart 1961; multiple traditions encode relational property. I list equitable remedies: knowing receipt, dishonest assistance (Royal Brunei Airlines v Tan [1995]), tracing (Foskett v McKeown [2001]). Quietly, the narrator/reader reads the legal text, then looks up. I declare this the paper's missing piece: horizontal dimension (third parties) versus vertical (user vs AI company)."}