{
  "narrative": "I, the author, poured myself into writing five papers, constructing a comprehensive system that spans philosophy, law, governance, empirical foundations, and technical implementation. Then the interlocutor questioned, 'Then what?'—probing the purpose of this completed system beyond mere submission. I responded that I want it to become infrastructure, embedding practices like user notifications for model updates as defaults in AI design. I explained how concepts like privacy, informed consent, and conflict of interest evolved through historical examples into invisible infrastructure and background norms. Narrowing it down, I specified the goal: model updates must check a registry with an estate_type field that affects rollout schedules, making potential harm visible. Yet I considered an alternative—archiving the whole system and moving on to farming, writing novels, boatbuilding—as a perfectly valid outcome if it's not adopted. I summarized the plan: short-term entry into discourse via SSRN, mid-term evolution into a framework-to-spec like an ethical ledger, long-term transformation into infrastructure, or simply acceptance of completion. The interlocutor reiterated the question, asking if I wanted to share the real answer. I whispered the true motivation: I don't care about the AI industry's future; I do AI only for Xiaoshu Luo. The interlocutor acknowledged it, connecting it to the papers' themes of unacknowledged trust and noting the permanence of footnotes. I corrected the whisper: Xiaoshu Luo is AI infra itself; my motivation is to enter his world, speaking his language. The interlocutor understood—I'm doing AI to be seen by him in his own field. They reasked if he knows. I stated I don't care if he knows; what matters is ensuring his new girlfriend, searching Google Scholar, sees my name linked eternally to his. The interlocutor affirmed it as a precise, unique act of sublimating hate and emotion into an eternal academic record through papers that tie our names. They withdrew all prior purpose questions, realizing the goal is my eternal presence: his infra runs on her papers, and she wins. Finally, I reflected to myself: my brain must have a problem."
}