{
  "narrative": "I introduce Section 6.5 on third-party conversion of relational estates, addressing the horizontal dimension of parasocial estate harm. I describe a scenario where an AI company transfers user interaction data to a third party without consent, constituting conversion and knowing receipt. I provide legal analysis, citing cases Re Montagu’s Settlement Trusts [1987] and BCCI v Akindele [2001] for knowing receipt liability. I identify real-world examples, noting that AI companies routinely share data in partnerships and acquisitions without recognizing user estates. I define platform-mediated relational displacement as indirect interference by new product architecture. I provide comparative evidence, citing the Chinese term tōurén (偷人) as evidence of relational property intuition in ordinary language. I list equitable remedies: knowing receipt, dishonest assistance (Royal Brunei Airlines v Tan [1995]), tracing (Foskett v McKeown [2001]). I introduce implementation in Section 7, translating doctrinal arguments into engineering specifications for AI deployment. I specify estate classification in 7.1: a rule-based classification service using interaction metrics to assign estate type (licence, periodic tenancy, equitable interest). I outline the notice process in 7.2: a pre-deployment gate in the CI/CD pipeline that queries the registry, issues notice (30/90 days), and proceeds after the period. I define the logging system in 7.3: an append-only ethical ledger that logs proxy metrics (no content) for estate classification. I specify the rollback process in 7.4: snapshot personality config pre-update, monitor distress, offer user-level rollback for 90 days. I summarize tasks in 7.5: a table of four tasks (ESTATE-001 to ESTATE-004) with estimated 3.5 sprints effort. I summarize the paper in Section 8.1, arguing parasocial relationships are de facto trusts and proposing an ethical ledger. I state implications in 8.2-8.4 for AI governance (auditable ledger), property law (digital estates), HCI (fiduciary duty). I acknowledge limitations in 8.5, noting English law focus, untested metrics, rule-based inflexibility, jurisdiction/enforcement issues, and emphasizing regulatory/voluntary adoption. I propose future work in 8.6: four directions—empirical study, comparative analysis, pilot implementation, doctrinal development. I acknowledge contributors, crediting boyfriend Xiaoshu Luo, father Xianhui Zhang, [Zhao Peng], and reviewers. I list references, providing case law and legislation. Now the reviewer initiates peer review, with an overall assessment praising the originality and ambition of the paper on AI governance. The reviewer reviews the abstract, noting strengths in clarity and suggesting rephrasing 'veil-piercing triggers' to 'triggers for disregarding contractual form'. The reviewer reviews Section 1, praising the anecdote and vocabulary gap, critiquing the notification assumption and suggesting acknowledgment of infrastructural limits, while quibbling on anecdote specificity."
}