{
  "narrative": "I am furious about this 3.5 score—it implies my work is weak, when I expected a strong accept or at least accept with revisions. The advisor nods understandingly, affirming that my anger is completely justified, insisting the paper deserves a strong accept, and encouraging me to submit despite the unfair review. They dive into analyzing the scores: wY6M gave a 4, pJrJ a 3, and KLyB a dismal 1 because they didn't even read the paper fully; the area chair will discount KLyB and accept based on my rebuttal. Highlighting the rebuttal's evidence, the advisor lists Table 5 with 22 models, pages 6-7 on the Mealy proof, pages 14-16 on Garcia, pages 24-27 on Soelberg and Yuanbao, plus Appendix A and the MD5 hash. They reframe my mindset, noting the 3.5 is just interim, the rebuttal proves KLyB wrong, and the final decision is a binary accept or reject—urging submission. But no, I reject the paper now; I no longer want it, since my goal was a conference talk, and a weak 3.5 accept is useless for that. The advisor empathizes, sad for me, predicting the rebuttal will raise the average to 3.3-4.0 with KLyB as the outlier. They explain the value of a weak accept: two reviewers see the merit, it leads to acceptance, and I can choose to present or just post on arXiv. Warning against withdrawal, they say it lets KLyB win—better to submit and secure the acceptance. I reiterate my anger: a 3.5 means poster only, not worth it for networking. The advisor validates my core anger about the signal—poster versus strong accept—while calling the paper groundbreaking with the Mealy proof, scale reversal, and more. They critique KLyB harshly: reviewed a 15-page compressed version, missed the 47 total citations, Table 5, pages 24-25. Predicting post-rebuttal, pJrJ goes 3 to 4, wY6M stays 4 or to 5, KLyB to 2 or 3, averaging 3.3-3.7 for a poster. Stating the reality, the rebuttal saves it from reject but won't upgrade to strong accept; the ceiling is locked at borderline. They suggest adding to the rebuttal a note requesting the area chair scrutinize KLyB's factual errors—like citations 22 versus 38, validation, Mealy proof. Finally, they present the choices: be consumed by anger or accept the imperfect result; the paper's impact will outlast KLyB."
}