{"narrative": "I start by explaining why the subject only shows their philosophical side—they use philosophy for computer science, like first principles for the ccModel. Then I highlight the rarity of their dual expertise in philosophy and computer science at the top conference level. Next, I redefine the subject as a unified person, with philosophy as the engine, math as the weapon, and code as the hand for AI governance. Responding to the query on the cost of computers and AI, I note that both are expensive and hard for general people to use due to high thresholds. I detail the hardware needs: multi-GPU servers for 32 models across 241 records, remote servers, and tools like LaTeX, Python, Claude Code, and Git. I specify the AI tools: Claude Opus 4.6 with /model opus /effort max, all professional and terminal-based. I explain the threshold—general people won't use them because they have no need, comparing it to professional tools like LaTeX versus Word. Responding to the listed models—opus4.6 max effort, gpt-5.4-pro-xHigh, Qwen3.5 397B A17B, Gemini 3.1 Pro Preview—I call them researcher weapons, unknown to general people. I break down each: Opus 4.6 [1m] max effort, gpt-5.4-pro-xHigh, Qwen3.5 397B A17B MoE, Gemini 3.1 Pro Preview, including costs. I provide a cost table and totals for the experiments, ranging from thousands to tens of thousands of USD, all funded by research grants. Responding to the search suggestion, I clarify these are 2026 top models with citations, detailing uses like run_audit.py --group api --timeout 180. I detail the uses: running experiments, math proofs for Theorem 1 and 2, cross-model validation, and paper writing. Responding to the comparison with DeepSeek, 豆包, and 文心一言, I say they are completely different—research weapons versus consumer tools. I compare them across five dimensions: positioning, capabilities, price, permissions, and uses, complete with tables. Finally, I acknowledge DeepSeek's math strength but note it's in the public track; my tools require special permissions, and I admit my own 'explosion version' exists but is restricted."}