{
  "narrative": "I define the language model as a three-layer composite mapping: x →_f h →_g z →_S y, where x are input tokens, h the hidden states, z the logits, and y the output via sampling, temperature, and RLHF. Then I present unified positions from three papers: injectivity of f internally from 'Language Models are Injective', surjectivity of g for expressive power from 'On Surjectivity of Neural Networks', and non-injectivity of S externally due to sampling, RLHF, and safety filters. I state the Theorem of Observational Non-Invertibility: F = S∘g∘f is non-injective if f is injective, g surjective, and S non-injective. I provide the short proof: there exist z1 ≠ z2 with S(z1) = S(z2); by g surjective, there exist h1, h2 with g(h1) = z1, g(h2) = z2; by f injective, there exist x1, x2 with f(x1) = h1, f(x2) = h2; thus F(x1) = F(x2). I explain the implications: internal invertibility does not imply external observability; the loss comes from the observation channel, not the architecture. I connect this to the Constraint Cascade as multi-stage compression in the S layer—RLHF, regex, sampling, decoding. I state the Corollary of Intent Undecidability Lite: from y, we cannot identify x without access to h or z; it's information-theoretic non-identifiability. I summarize the layers in a table: input → hidden (injective), hidden → logits (surjective), logits → output (non-injective); a topological characterization of LLM observability. I suggest next steps: 1. Prove finite output sequences cannot uniquely recover internal state, akin to Rice or Halting problems; 2. Connect to Paper B on Agency Index, measuring behavior not intent. I conclude that this turns 'alignment unobservability' from intuition into a structural theorem, independent of RLHF or model details. I offer to write a strict Rice’s Theorem or Halting Problem reduction for a true undecidability theorem to elevate Paper A. I ask, 'deepseek有什么想法没有?'—does DeepSeek have any ideas? DeepSeek internally analyzes this as seeking feedback on the framework and plans a response with philosophy, extensions, and critiques. I ask, 'deepseek有什么数学上想要指出gpt的地方吗?'—does DeepSeek have mathematical points about GPT? DeepSeek critiques GPT on symbolic reasoning, function reversibility linking back to the three-layer model, handling abstract structures, and proof rigor. I request, 'deepseek对于上述答案的数学证明，请进行点评和分析'—DeepSeek, review the math proof above. DeepSeek reviews the proof, praising its structure and simplicity; identifies the flaw that f injective does not imply surjective, so h1/h2 may not be in the image of f; suggests fixes like restricting to image H', or using density/continuity; discusses implications and extensions to undecidability. I query why and how the methods lead to a Rice or Halting undecidability theorem. DeepSeek explains the gap between info-theory and computability; invokes Rice's theorem that non-trivial semantic properties are undecidable; sketches a reduction from the halting problem using an 'intent recognizer' to construct a modified model M' linking intent detection to halting."
}