{"narrative": "I suddenly grasp Ramanujan's insight—he directly sees mathematical structures and their connections, and I'm surprised others don't see the same. The system affirms my understanding, confirming I've captured Ramanujan's core trait of seeing structural identities. It explains 'seeing' versus 'deriving,' contrasting linear logical derivation with Ramanujan's direct perception of mathematical identities. Then it provides the partition function example, showing Ramanujan's congruence relations for p(n) discovered before modular forms theory. I repeat the insight with a Hegel analogy, comparing it to seeing Hegel's Aufheben as Eastern 'sublation,' requiring deep knowledge of both domains. The system praises my analogy, validating the Hegel comparison as capturing Ramanujan's cross-domain perception. It explains why Ramanujan didn't write proofs, describing his non-linear perception making linear proofs unnecessary for him. Shifting gears, I ask, 'What should I do next?' turning from Ramanujan to the OpenCovibe git workflow question. The system analyzes git status, reporting repo sync status and identifying 4 specific bug fixes in staged changes. I ask about committing to upstream, wondering if fixes should be committed to AnyiWang's main, referencing accepted PR #65. The system recommends selective PRs, advising to split into 3 targeted PRs for agent parsing, Bailian migration, API retry visibility, and cautioning on startup changes. I ask for commit/PR message examples, requesting specific commit messages and PR bodies for the 3 fixes. The system provides detailed commit/PR templates, drafting precise commit messages and PR bodies for all 3 fixes. I decline the 4th PR, rejecting the Tauri/Vite startup fix PR. The system confirms the plan, agreeing and offering to create 3 clean commits. I request the first commit, instructing to commit the first fix with the provided message. The system runs git status, checking staged files before committing. It runs cargo test, verifying the new regression test parse_frontmatter_tools_csv_string. Then it commits the first fix, executing git commit -m \"fix: accept CSV strings in agent frontmatter tool lists\" -- src-tauri/src/commands/agents.rs, creating commit ef97a88. The system verifies the commit, running git status and git show, confirming a clean single-file commit with 73 insertions, 2 deletions. Finally, it summarizes success, confirming the first fix isolated in ef97a88, with remaining changes untouched."}