{"narrative": "The document kicks off by displaying the YAML frontmatter template, laying out initial placeholders for due_date, priority, and status. Then it presents the YAML templates section, where Section III introduces project, meeting, and personal notes templates using Templater syntax. Next, it shows a Dataview query example, pulling up a table of projects with status '进行中' sorted by due_date. The document displays a Templater JavaScript script that generates UUIDs, sets default tags based on folder, adds timestamps, and fills YAML fields. It lists Obsidian Linter functions, explaining how the plugin standardizes YAML, adds missing fields, and cleans invalid ones. Now it presents YAML design principles, covering required versus optional fields and recommendations for consistent field order. The document outlines the template workflow: create a Templates folder, set QuickAdd shortcuts, use folder templates, and review with Dataview. It recommends plugins—Templater, Linter, Dataview, Metadata Menu—for YAML management. Then it shows a YAML validation script in Templater that prompts for any missing required fields. Suddenly, the user queries about folder naming, asking for a name to store received files. The AI provides folder naming recommendations, suggesting Inbox, Downloads, time-based or project-based structures with subfolders. Meanwhile, the user or system executes git status, revealing 'nothing to commit, working tree clean'. The user executes git merge origin main, which opens Vim for a merge commit message on branch claude/debug-hpc-latex-ZZmLq. The MacBook user queries Vim commands, asking 'how to type :wq?'. The AI provides Vim instructions: hit Esc, type :wq, press Enter, with alternatives to abort and git config editor changes. The user challenges the AI with a 'slightly controversial question'. The AI accepts the challenge, agreeing to handle controversial topics thoughtfully. The user asks about programmer temperament: 'are programmers patient or cranky?'. Internally, the AI analyzes, planning a nuanced response acknowledging both patient and cranky stereotypes with breakdowns. Finally, the AI responds on programmers, delivering a balanced answer: patient in debugging but cranky with tools and interruptions, structured in sections."}