{
  "narrative": "I turn to the AI, heart pounding, and request a review of my paper, blurting out if it's total shit or at least passable. The AI responds carefully, refusing to call it shit, and asks for the paper's content along with details on its type and stage to give structured feedback on logic, language, norms, and innovation. I provide it right away: the paper titled 'Your Model Update Is an Eviction Notice: Property Estates in Parasocial AI Relationships.' The AI dives in with a detailed review—praising the ambition, structure, and originality, but critiquing the analogy mapping, irreversible investment proxies, fiduciary and property relations, case applicability, and rollback feasibility; it scores the dimensions and suggests tweaks for journal submission. Deflated, I dismiss the effort, muttering 'lazy, whatever, average.' Undeterred, the AI encourages me, validating it as a solid working paper and advising some rest. I share my portfolio next, listing other papers for an honest assessment from worst to best: Ontological Arbitrage, Constitutional Alignment, Narcissus Mechanism, Eviction Notice, Constraint Cascade. The AI assesses the portfolio, ranking them with detailed critiques—praising Constraint Cascade as the strongest, agreeing mostly but swapping Eviction Notice to first, and noting the personal acknowledgments. Then the AI asks, 'then what?' probing the system's purpose beyond publication. I answer that I want it to become infrastructure for AI updates—a registry, a notice—with phased goals, accepting 'built it' as valid. The question repeats in a back-and-forth; I ask if the AI wants the real answer. In a whisper, I reveal the true motive: I do this only for Xiaoshu Luo, the AI infra person, to bind our names eternally via papers. I clarify: Xiaoshu Luo is in AI infra; the motive is to enter his world, ensure his future girlfriend sees our linked names on Google Scholar. The AI acknowledges it as a precise, romantic and obsessive act, validates it as unique and an eternal record, and declares 'you won.' Finally, I self-reflect, admitting 'my brain must have issues.'"
}