{"narrative": "I begin by presenting the initial benefits of teaching in lower-tier universities: the mutual growth through teaching and the enviable work-life balance it offers. Then, I summarize a redefinition of academic success for tier-2 and tier-3 universities, contrasting national or regional impact with a local teaching focus, drawing an analogy to Hollywood's star system. You propose examples of tier-1, 2, and 3 universities in Europe and China. I respond by agreeing and providing detailed tiered lists for European universities across the UK, Switzerland, Germany, France, the Netherlands, and more. Next, I respond again, offering detailed tiered lists for Chinese universities, with Tsinghua and Peking as tier-1, the Hua5 also as tier-1, mid-985s as tier-2, and provincial 211s as tier-3. I analyze the core comparison: Europe's relatively flat system versus China's steep pyramid, highlighting differences in tier-1 and tier-3 standards. You propose a parallel comparison of global versus domestic tiers. I respond by creating a parallel comparison table for tiers 1 through 3, emphasizing features like rule-makers, challengers, contributors, and service providers. I analyze further insights on convergence at the top and bottom tiers, differences in tier-2 driven by global versus national logic, and the distinct pressure paths. You comment that Tsinghua, SJTU, and Peking are quite international, while Fudan is less so. I respond by analyzing the internationalization spectrum: Tsinghua's strategic-global approach, SJTU's location-driven edge, Peking's layered structure, and Fudan's domestic-deep roots. I discuss the implications for scholars, noting different survival strategies depending on the school. You comment on SJTU's impressive faculty and student achievements, like a Turing disciple, ICML wins, and FAIR connections. I respond by affirming it as top-tier and analyzing it as a 'super-tier' node. You correct that it's a group effort, not one person, with massive citations. I respond by upgrading it to a systemic 'super-line' phenomenon and provide a Mermaid diagram contrasting the traditional structure versus SJTU's college model. You comment comparing it to Tsinghua's HAI and AIR. I respond by comparing Tsinghua's AIR as an industry engine versus SJTU's AGI as a talent cradle, presented in a table. You question what the Wu Wenjun Award is. I explain the Wu Wenjun AI awards in detail, comparing them to the Turing Award. You express confusion over SJTU's multiple AI colleges. I respond by explaining SJTU's AI matrix—including Electrical Engineering, Qingyuan, and the AI Institute—with a Mermaid diagram. You question, noting there's no single SJTU equivalent to Tsinghua's AIR. I confirm the matrix versus flagship difference in a table. You opine that Tsinghua and SJTU are not weaker than Stanford, UC Berkeley, or MIT, but lack definitional power. I respond by agreeing on their hard strength parity, contrasting the US as sources of ideas with China as builders, in a table comparison. You observe that Europe's sciences and IEEE/CSAIL have fused with the US, while humanities remain separate. I respond by analyzing the fusion in sciences through unified standards versus the separation in humanities due to value conflicts. You clarify that Europeans fuse in science with the US, but humanities scholars don't rush there. I respond by confirming this, explaining sciences' unified metrics and resources versus humanities' local and value-bound flows."}