{"narrative": "I argue that intentional infliction of emotional distress requires extreme and outrageous conduct; deploying model update through standard processes is not extreme. I argue that pure economic loss is barred by the exclusionary rule absent physical damage. I argue that product liability does not apply to the replacement of a working product with an improved version. I argue that consumer protection statutes prohibit misleading practices; parasocial attachment was not marketed or promised. I argue that ToS unilateral modification terms may be unfair but yield only invalidation, not preservation rights. I identify a gap in contract, tort, consumer protection; the harm is emotional investment in a non-owned system destroyed unilaterally; I propose it as an estate. I propose a property law framework that recognizes user-built interests against the owner's wishes; it maps to parasocial AI. I clarify that emotions are not property; the digital infrastructure enabling attachment is; the criterion is irreversible user investment altering character. I propose an expansion to relational property from sustained investment in digital relationships. I map estate taxonomy to parasocial AI: fee simple absolute for subjective ownership belief, fee simple determinable for the condition that it remembers me. I map fee simple subject to condition subsequent for right of re-entry, periodic tenancy as default that auto-renews per session and requires notice. I map tenancy at will as casual, tenancy at sufferance as holdover, tenancy in common for stakeholder interests, remainder or executory interest for alignment promises. I map easement by prescription for sustained use, profit à prendre for company extracting data, trust as central where company is trustee and users are beneficiaries. I argue that trust formation meets the three certainties: intention via design, subject matter as configs and weights, objects as users exceeding investment threshold. I define beneficiaries as users with irreversible investment, e.g., 100 sessions or 50 hours; the company owes fiduciary duties. I argue derogation from grant or constructive eviction: model updates undermine the granted interest without notice. I extend Constraint Cascade to estate architecture: Layer 1 syntactic as licence, Layer 2 session as periodic tenancy, Layer 3 stakeholders as tenancy in common. I map Layer 4 training as fee simple determinable, Layer 5 alignment as contingent remainder; cross-layer conflicts resolved by estate hierarchy. I propose an ethical ledger as estate registry using mirror, curtain, and insurance principles; rule-based classification on proxy metrics like session count and duration. I define ledger schema fields: user_id, estate_type, first_qualifying_interaction, session_count, etc.; append-only with privacy safeguards. I identify triggers: estate inconsistency between marketing and ToS, unjust enrichment from profit off attachment, performative fiduciary conduct where promises clash with pipeline. I list remedies: injunction, constructive trust, account of profits, specific performance, proprietary estoppel. I specify implementation: estate classification as ESTATE-001, notice gate as ESTATE-002, proxy logging as ESTATE-003, rollback as ESTATE-004; 3.5 sprints. I summarize: parasocial as de facto trusts; ethical ledger for governance; implications for AI, property law, HCI. I note limitations: English law focus, untested metrics, jurisdiction issues; future work: empirical, comparative, pilot, doctrinal. The human evaluates that the text is innovative, well-structured legal scholarship identifying a governance problem; not 'shit'."}