{"narrative": "The system presents recommendations, offering multiple Tarot spreads for sexual attraction: the Passion Compass with 4 cards, the 3-layer desires with 3 cards, the two-sex dynamic contrast with 5-6 cards, and Finding Your Path of Sacred Sex with 5 cards. It gives suggestions based on prior cards, the King of Swords and the Sun, and asks which one to use. The user, undecided, chooses the Erotic Enigma, recommended as option 1, and draws 6 Tarot cards: 1. Ten of Wands upright, 2. Six of Cups upright, 3. King of Pentacles upright, 4. Queen of Cups upright, 5. The Hermit upright, 6. Ace of Wands reversed. The system interprets the Erotic Enigma, breaking down the 6 cards for its positions: 1. Secret self as burden, 2. Unexplored as being cared for, 3. Barrier as stability persona, 4. Path as allow feeling, 5. Partner's role as observer, 6. Action as don't act now. It advises against sex, emphasizing safety. The user asks for the dynamic contrast, saying '两性动态对比那个怎么搞'—how to do the two-sex dynamic contrast. The system explains the 5-card spread for dynamic contrast: positions 1. Your energy, 2. His energy, 3. Chemistry, 4. Lesson, 5. Action, with ways A where the user draws all or B separately, and asks for confirmation. The user says '我还是简单点'—keep it simple—and draws 3 cards: 1. Four of Pentacles reversed, 2. Ace of Wands reversed, 3. Four of Swords upright. The system interprets this partial dynamic as user's energy releasing control, his energy stuck, chemistry implied, linking to prior cards. The user repeats, saying '我们简单点看看这个人到底怎么回事啊'—simple look at him—and draws the same 3 cards: Four of Pentacles Rx, Ace of Wands Rx, Four of Swords upright. The system interprets these 3 cards for him: he's stuck, wants release but holds (1), desire blocked (2), resting or pausing (3), linking to prior Lenormand cards like snake, rat, tower, coffin, heart, explaining he's waiting for a signal. The user comments humorously, '不是，你这么憋着当心得前列腺癌'—holding back will give you prostate cancer. The system laughs, interprets it as breaking his Four of Swords, predicts his reactions, links to prior book-letter-scythe, and advises waiting for a response. The user repeats the draw request again with positions: 1. Sex desire, 2. Emotional desire, 3. Spiritual desire, getting the same 3 cards. The system delivers the final interpretation of the 3-layer desires: 1. Sex desire as possess but can't hold (reversed Four of Pentacles), 2. Emotional desire as needs ignition signal (reversed Ace of Wands), 3. Spiritual desire as needs rest (Four of Swords), concluding he likes her but is conflicted over her leaving."}