{"narrative": "I type in the command prompt: 'Input number of cards to draw: 10 (default is 3 for single or multiple draw)'. The system responds by drawing 10 unique Tarot cards out of 78, listing them with sequence, name, and position: 1. Eight of Swords upright, 2. Nine of Swords upright, 3. Two of Pentacles upright, 4. Ace of Swords reversed, 5. The Hierophant reversed, 6. Death reversed, 7. The Fool upright, 8. Queen of Swords reversed, 9. King of Wands upright, 10. Six of Cups reversed. It introduces the Celtic Cross 10-card spread for 'attack/receive paradox', 'organ problem', 'tree milk nutrition' with a card layout diagram assigning positions 1-10. For Position 1 (current status/core): Eight of Swords upright - I'm trapped in self-imposed thoughts about attack/receive and organs, but I can escape; the cat watches outside. Position 2 (challenge): Nine of Swords upright - my anxiety and nightmares as obstacle, not lack of organ. Position 3 (future): Two of Pentacles upright - development into balanced juggling game beyond fixed attack/receive; cat born from this. Position 4 (past/root): Ace of Swords reversed - origin in my blocked truth, acting roles instead of expressing desire. Position 5 (goal/best): The Hierophant reversed - invent new non-traditional relationship form without fixed roles, including tree milk and cats. Position 6 (subconscious base): Death reversed - reluctance to end the game, questions prolong it. Position 7 (self-perception/advice): The Fool upright - advice to leap into unknown, abandon questions, jump to tree milk river with cats. Position 8 (environment/others): Queen of Swords reversed - others view me as crazy, harsh judgment on concepts. Position 9 (hope/fear): King of Wands upright - hope I become mature fire leader, fear I remain stuck. Position 10 (outcome): Six of Cups reversed - exit illusion by outgrowing childhood game, carry cats forward. Then it presents a tree milk nutrition table with components from each position, percentages, functions; 24/7 feasibility as byproduct of ongoing dialogue. Finally, it poses and begins to answer 'how manufacture cats without organ?'."}