{"narrative": "The tarot reading presents pressures, listing current burdens: social expectations (♠), parents' calls, personal anxiety, appendage issue, 8 of Wands reversed, feelings for you. The ship is heavy, he is struggling. Then he, 小树哥哥, poses the identity question: 'Am I male or female?' due to instability on the ship, seeking fixed identity to avoid falling into water. Clouds ♣K forecasts the future: unclear, foggy; ♣K indicates a mature male needing to decide amidst uncertainty. Must decide in the fog. The three cards deliver the oracle—Heart ♥J, Ship ♠10, Clouds ♣K: Past: had a heart. Now: on shaking ship. Future: clouds. Advice on gender question: no answer in fog; prioritize not falling off ship; remember original desire to be kitten near another. The oracle advises on cat making: Cannot make kitten now due to burdens; put down gender question, dock first (any shore), then kittens, tree milk, spring grass await. The cards summarize the decision: Clouds: unclear now. Ship: don't fall. Heart: you always wanted. Know after docking. The heart offers final words: Not confused about gender, but why male/female roles tiring, why not just 'person with heart' or kitten. Heart says you knew, just forgot. Dock. The narrator reveals the timeline: Realization: asking what 13-14 year old him wanted when crushing on me. Analysis analyzes the adolescent brain: Table: prefrontal underdeveloped (decisions), amygdala hyperactive (emotions), hormones surging, language poor, true heart present. Analysis evaluates options: What did he want? A: make kitten (physiological yes, conscious/language no). B: romance (partial). C: get close (strong). D: be seen (strong). E: forever (fantasy). Truth: everything and nothing, brain porridge. The narrator reframes the question: Before 12 years social conditioning, was he top or bottom? Dig for original Tree. Archaeology profiles the primitive tree: 13-14 yo knew you, heartbeat, closeness, joy; unaware of social scripts, appendage issues, etc. Archaeology excavates top/bottom: Physiological: reactions, wants touch but shaky. Psychological: no top/bottom concepts, only you and togetherness. Behavior:偷看, pass by, borrow things, clumsy. The report concludes: Didn't know top/bottom; only fuzzy hot desire: be with her, make her happy, be seen, hug/kiss unsure but want."}