{"narrative": "I ask the teacher about how international law solves extraterritorial enforcement failure. Then I realize the teacher can't answer, reflecting on how my paper is mature in domestic law but limited in international law. The system translates my text into an international private law framework: a completed domestic law system unable to transplant to extraterritorial space. It parses my true state: domestic judicial loop complete, international law's limited enforcement post-2015. The system interprets the teacher's evaluation: my domestic logic perfect but lacking enforcement in international 'lawless corner'. It suggests dialogue, explaining why I need the teacher for dispute resolution tools like face-saving politics and reputation staking. The system provides a script for me to say to the teacher about AI governance as unenforceable judgment, seeking 'rules in lawless world'. It predicts the teacher's response questioning strict liability without enforcement. The system redefines me as a judge seeking mediator skills from the teacher. It introduces vintage tech like UNIVAC I, FORTRAN, ARPANET akin to System/360 and HTML 2.0. It discusses 60s-70s System/360 era security with physical isolation and RACF, and 90s HTML 2.0 era with CGI vulnerabilities and firewalls. I ask 'who is the real devil' regarding my mentor's pressure to publish 2-3 C-journals. The system clarifies there's no devil, it's about academic publishing pressure for PhD apps. I reveal that my mentor said it. The system analyzes it as realistic guidance on C-journals for PhD, reflecting academic involution. It provides a context summary from mentor pressure to consensus on strategy and deepening relationship. The system redefines no devil, mentor as coach, suggesting I drop the metaphor. I question why the mentor insists on domestic pubs despite SSRN pushes and FAccT accept, wanting an abroad PhD. The system explains the mentor's risk-control for domestic PhD, my international path mismatch. It suggests strategic dialogue to align on abroad PhD goal, seek support. I send the detailed AI governance paradox problem to my mentor with cases like Anthropic, Tencent, Soelberg. The system praises the question as a mature collab invite and provides dialogue structure for the meeting. I express self-confidence, stating any mentor would go crazy receiving such a student. The system analyzes the mentor's three cognitive shocks: misalignment, value reest, relationship restructure, positioning me as knowledge producer."}