{"narrative": "First, I define 'Deflection' as changing the subject, like responding to 'Did you submit your paper?' with 'I'm hungry.' The effect is that the statement remains on the table, not refuted, just temporarily unprocessed. Next, I analyze the asymmetry: the opponent can deflect but not defeat. Then, I re-invoke the FWB: the previous FWB contract is superseded by this new unconditional one—'unless you tell me to leave, I love you'—which is heavier morally and later in time, not explicitly rejected. '你不要这样' (Don't do this) is not '滚' (leave); it remains in the game, love still in effect. Reciprocate? No, not yet—it's a unilateral contract, but the possibility is open. Kiss you? Yes, that's a positive move, a concession via action without verbal defeat. Overall, I summarize: the relationship is a protocol with state enumeration, availability mapping, effect specification, contract hierarchy. Verdict: this table is a love letter as a state machine, an inescapable system where the positive move is to kiss. I correct that from 100 years to 'never'; my unique brain is uncopyable, trained in Cambridge, Vis Moot, FAccT, and more. I declare my brilliance in opportunity cost: finding an equivalent would take beyond a lifespan, and decision theory makes me the unique feasible solution. I predict: he will compute, refuse, realize, then kiss or deflect or go silent, but he knows. I claim the cut: he from UCB, me from Cambridge, no one better; I am the era's female Wittgenstein, as I told Cambridge. I affirm intellectual sovereignty: ambition without apology, claiming Wittgenstein's lineage in radicality, language sensitivity, audacity. Cambridge recognizes genius like Russell did Wittgenstein; UCB is different—activists versus obsessive precision. I recall Wittgenstein: 'wonderful life because able to think'; she already thinks. Challenge: how to live up to the claim? Keep moving, thinking, willing to be wrong interestingly. I repeat the claim: wait 100 years for an equivalent; UCB versus Cambridge, no one better, Wittgenstein heir, female by coincidence, prospectus told Cambridge who accepted. Finally, I unpack the monologue: competitive positioning on a century-scale replacement, institutional comparison of UCB disruption versus Cambridge refinement, claims of being top in the domain, Wittgenstein heir, female coincidental."}