{"narrative": "The tarot reader begins presenting the reading, describing the Ten of Wands reversed as the user's influence on their partner, suggesting futile attempts at burden relief. Next, the tarot reader presents the Empress reversed as the partner's influence on the user, indicating neglect and depletion. Then, the tarot reader describes the Six of Cups upright as mutual obstacles stemming from nostalgia and past patterns. The tarot reader continues with the Wheel of Fortune reversed as the relationship outcome, pointing to stagnation or breakup. The tarot reader presents the Seven of Pentacles reversed as the user's future thoughts of wasted investment. Following that, the Queen of Pentacles reversed as the partner's future instability. The tarot reader synthesizes the overall reading, highlighting a mismatch in intentions, stuck patterns, and likely stagnation. The tarot reader introduces advice cards: King of Wands reversed for action, King of Cups upright for communication, Page of Wands upright for attitude, Six of Swords reversed for material. The tarot reader presents advice from the King of Wands reversed: do not force or push the situation, exercise restraint. Then, King of Cups upright for communication: master emotions, speak calmly and boundaried. Page of Wands upright for attitude: adopt curiosity, lightness, and non-attachment. Six of Swords reversed for material handling: avoid entanglements, focus on untangling. The tarot reader summarizes the advice in a table of areas and guidance. Suddenly, the user queries: '想使用codex的gpt在macos上应该怎么弄啊。' about using Codex GPT on macOS. The AI assistant analyzes the query as a practical guide request for Codex GPT on macOS, planning a response structure. The AI assistant reviews search results, selecting official sources for desktop app and CLI installation. The AI assistant decides content to cover desktop app and CLI methods, rejecting unofficial sources. The AI assistant responds with a detailed guide: desktop app installation for Apple Silicon, CLI via Homebrew/npm. The AI assistant details authentication, explaining login with ChatGPT account or API key. The AI assistant details pricing, describing subscription plans: Plus $20/mo, Pro $200/mo, API pay-per-use. The user confirms: '就是说只要付20块美金就可以用了。' understanding the $20 cost. The AI assistant confirms ChatGPT Plus at $20/mo includes Codex, detailing plans and limits. Finally, the AI assistant provides tips, suggesting free trial credits, API alternative, and subscription notes for domestic users."}