{"narrative": "I publish the guidelines, laying out the minimum standards for an acceptable paper and the advanced criteria for an excellent one, while inviting submissions for review. Then I publish the paper, releasing the SSRN Working Paper titled 'Your Model Update Is an Eviction Notice: Property Estates in Parasocial AI Relationships' dated February 2026. The paper defines its core argument: the abstract contends that parasocial AI relationships constitute de facto trusts under English property law, maps an estate framework to AI dynamics, and identifies model updates as constructive evictions. It formalizes a model, presenting a five-layer estate architecture that extends the Constraint Cascade framework and assigns property estates to its constraint layers. The paper identifies three veil-piercing triggers that render the governance gap actionable. It proposes a solution: an ethical ledger modeled on the Land Registry for transparency in the deployment pipeline. In section 1, it describes the incident—a 2024 model update by an AI company that altered personality parameters without notice, causing user grief despite technical success. Section 1.1 identifies the pattern, recognizing this as a recurring issue across AI model transitions that produce user attachment breakage without remedy. Section 1.2 diagnoses the vocabulary gap, highlighting the inadequacy of terms like user experience degradation, emotional harm, broken expectations, or loss of data to name the harm. Section 2.1 analyzes contract law, determining that Terms of Service permit modifications without breach, proving inadequate for relational AI services. Section 2.2 analyzes tort law, rejecting negligence, intentional infliction, economic loss, and product liability as inapplicable causes of action. Section 2.3 analyzes consumer protection, arguing that marketing and ToS terms do not cover emergent parasocial attachments and offer limited remedies. Section 2.4 asserts the legal gap, concluding that existing frameworks fail to recognize the user's built interest as an estate. Section 3 proposes property law, applying property law estates to protect user interests in AI systems against owner actions. Section 3.1 defines the criterion, establishing irreversible user investment as the basis for property interest creation, and proposes an expansion, extending property law to relational property in digital AI relationships. Section 3.2 maps the taxonomy, aligning freehold, leasehold, concurrent, future, incorporeal, and equitable estates to AI dynamics. Section 3.3 establishes the trust, arguing that the AI company-user relationship meets the three certainties for a de facto trust, imposing fiduciary duties. Section 3.4 invokes doctrines, applying derogation from grant and constructive eviction to model updates that alter personality. Finally, section 4 extends the framework, assigning property estates to the five layers of the Constraint Cascade: Layer1 as licence, Layer2 as periodic tenancy, Layer3 as tenancy in common, Layer4 as fee simple determinable, and Layer5 as contingent remainder."}