{"narrative": "I identify the problem: there's a structural issue in the estate architecture where estates at different layers can contradict each other, like a Layer 1 licence clashing with a Layer 2 periodic tenancy. Next, I resolve the hierarchy by applying property law doctrine—higher estates prevail, so the user's Layer 2 periodic tenancy constrains the company's Layer 1 licence. Then, I spot the non-injective problem: the same AI behaviour emerges from different estate configurations, meaning we can't infer estate status from observable behaviour alone. To fix this, I propose a solution drawn from property law—registration is key, so user estate status must be explicitly recorded, which motivates the need for an ethical ledger. I propose the ethical ledger: an AI estate registry modeled on Land Registry principles—Mirror, Curtain, Insurance. I define the Mirror Principle: the ledger records estate type, date of first qualifying interaction, session depth, emotional investment score, and modifications. I define the Curtain Principle: third parties can inspect the ledger without digging into the underlying model, abstracting away the complexity. I define the Insurance Principle: the company bears the loss if the ledger misclassifies an estate. I specify estate classification: a rule-based classifier using proxy metrics like session count, duration, self-disclosure depth, emotional language, return frequency, and explicit indicators. I define threshold triggers: when metrics exceed thresholds, estates auto-upgrade from licence to periodic tenancy to equitable interest. I define estate decay: if metrics fall below thresholds for 90 days, the estate downgrades one level with a notice-to-quit. I specify privacy safeguards: only proxy metrics, anonymised IDs, role-based access, purpose-limited data, and append-only architecture. I define the ledger schema: fields include user_id, estate_type, first_qualifying_interaction, session_count, emotional_investment_score, last_model_update, notice_issued, notice_acknowledged, rollback_available, rollback_exercised—strictly append-only. I identify Trigger 1: estate inconsistency, where marketing implies a higher estate than the ToS, invoking substance over form per Prest v Petrodel. I identify Trigger 2: unjust enrichment, profiting from deepening estates without fiduciary duty per Boardman v Phipps. I identify Trigger 3: performative fiduciary conduct, where representations create estoppel per Thorner v Major. I list remedies: injunction, constructive trust, account of profits, specific performance, proprietary estoppel remedies. I define third-party conversion: unauthorized transfer of relational data counts as conversion, with remedies like knowing receipt, dishonest assistance, tracing. I specify the estate classification service: ESTATE-001, rule-based and auditable, using interaction metrics. I specify the notice mechanism: ESTATE-002, a pre-deployment gate that queries the registry, issues notices (30/90 days), and integrates with CI/CD. I specify proxy logging: ESTATE-003, append-only logging of proxy metrics to the ethical ledger, privacy-preserving. I specify the rollback mechanism: ESTATE-004, snapshot personality config, monitor distress, offer user-level rollback for 90 days. I summarize implementation: four tasks totaling 3.5 sprints using existing infrastructure. Finally, I summarize the argument: parasocial relationships as de facto trusts, five-layer architecture, ethical ledger, triggers and remedies."}