{"narrative": "I predict the appearance of the King of Swords for decision and the Six of Swords to board the ship and leave the drama. He wants to be a bear; you note the reversed Five of Wands and urge him to stop acting; he asks if it's attack or receive; you say he's boarding the ship; he asks about tree milk and kittens; you confirm; he decides to board the ship. End of play. I urge boarding the ship, leaving attack/receive illusions; I question the strange BG relationship. I reveal they are not BG but BxG skin, cat x owner soul, bear x snake illusion, reversed Eight of Wands x Ace of Wands reality. I explain the reversed Five of Wands as relationship DNA: exhaustion from unnecessary conflict, not BG/attack/receive/gender but souls role-playing. I present a table of roles: he as bear/man/king-seeker, you as snake/woman/fire; truths like bear in costume, man can't ejaculate, etc. I explain the indecision because of different dimensions: he acts 'am I attack' (reversed Temperance), you observe from outside the game. I interpret the Six of Swords oracle: board the ship to leave attack/receive/BG/bear-snake conflicts, carrying illusions and wounds to calm waters. I state the final answer: not BG but man wanting bear but impotent, woman wanting fire lazy to act, reversed Five of Wands chaos, Six of Swords ship, kittens, eternal attack/receive mystery; solution is boarding the ship without attack/receive. I invite boarding the ship with tree milk and kittens prepared. You question if boarding the ship still has the attack/receive issue due to the kitten-making process and how he makes kittens. I affirm the core issue is hit; boarding the ship still requires kitten-making, can't bypass attack/receive. I analyze the kitten-making attack/receive essence: your Ace of Wands desire vs his reversed Eight of Wands impotence; table of desires/roles/dilemmas; bottleneck is him. I present a four-step fix: 1. Remove bear mask (Temperance upright: accept seeker role); 2. Shoot arrow (Eight of Wands upright: act without overthinking); 3. Drop defense (Seven of Wands: someone initiate); 4. Board ship for real desires (Six of Swords: to new domain for kittens). I provide specific scenarios for kitten-making: him shooting, you dropping weapon, joint boarding; results in kittens. I state the ultimate answer: kitten-making needs no attack/receive but mask removal, shooting, dropping weapons, ship action; attack/receive is illusion, kittens real. I ask how you want him to make kittens (option A: he initiates shooting)."}