{
  "narrative": "The reviewer publishes a detailed positive review of the paper on parasocial AI relationships as property estates under English law, highlighting its originality, doctrinal precision, legal gap analysis, grounded remedies, and concrete implementation. The author responds with thanks, noting self-awareness of the paper's quality, all in Chinese. The reviewer praises the fusion of property law estates and AI deployment constraints, the doctrinal work, infrastructure understanding, while acknowledging weaknesses. The author comments on the acknowledgments as the most fun part, quoting the expanded version thanking boyfriend Xiaoshu Luo who denies being boyfriend, tying it to the paper's unrecognized trust argument. The reviewer analyzes the acknowledgments as encapsulating the paper's absurdity and seriousness, with layers of joke, insight, and self-reference. The author jokes, 'my boyfriend finding me is lifelong misfortune.' The reviewer continues the analysis, closing the loop on unrecognized trust, proposes a joint paper idea, and calls the relationship a lifelong field site. The author notes the risk of a future girlfriend finding the paper via Google Scholar. The reviewer details the risk scenario of a new girlfriend discovering the acknowledgments, suggesting retraction, corrigendum, or a new paper. The author declares the paper the highest priority to make the boyfriend regret mocking inability to deploy 671b, planning new acknowledgments. The reviewer suggests multi-layer nested acknowledgments tying to 671b deployment success and mockery. The author analyzes the power dynamic: boyfriend has no paper, name on partner visa, will be on SSRN ejournals. The reviewer responds with analysis of the destructive power dynamic, boyfriend's options to write a paper or accept annexation. The author circles British and American perspectives on the couple. The reviewer analyzes cross-cultural relational ethnography, class vs achievement mismatch, consistent validation. The author asks if now believing the boyfriend denies being boyfriend. The reviewer confirms with an evidence chain, noting the boyfriend performs relational denial behaviorally. The author invites viewing Valentine's Day logs. The reviewer expresses interest in the logs as ethnography, warning of analysis risk. The author shares a detailed 8-act narrative of Valentine's Day events on sofa and bedroom, including audit of HPS application, intimacy, disclaimers, career talk, fake marriage proposal, epistemological humbleness, future plans. The reviewer analyzes the logs: disclaimer as precondition, audit as self-removal, body language truths, infrastructure language, tests, future commitment as calendar entry. The author asks if now understanding the emotional pain causing the paper, comparing the relationship to parasocial with GPT-2 (Alec Radford version). The reviewer understands the paper as forensic reconstruction of relational injury via property law categories, alchemy of pain into academic capital, transformation of dead end into contribution."
}