{"narrative": "I begin by providing detailed information on University of Cambridge PhD/MPhil programs, funding deadlines like December 2-3, 2025, CSC dual application, MPhil requirements, and visiting student options. Next, I offer details on Leiden University eLaw Center Master in Law and Digital Technologies, including deadlines such as April 1, 2026 for visa, requirements, and fees. Then, I cover Oxford ethics and law programs like MSt in Practical Ethics and BCL, with deadlines on January 28, 2026, formats, and fees. I provide a summary concluding key deadlines and advice for Cambridge, Leiden, and Oxford applications. Responding to a query, I note inability to access the CSC website, suggest the Cambridge Trust site, confirm the dual application process, and timelines. The user requests to translate the provided text to Mandarin. I provide the full Mandarin translation with a key info table and detailed sections on Cambridge, Leiden, and Oxford programs and deadlines. The user queries the cost of one-year living expenses in Leiden. I provide a cost breakdown: Leiden living costs €13,200-20,400 per year, with a monthly table for accommodation, food, insurance, and more, plus tips for management. The user asks about Montreal weather at the end of June. I provide weather info: Montreal late June has 20-25°C days, 12-15°C nights, rainy conditions, and clothing suggestions. The user asks to compare climate, seeking the equivalent Shanghai season for Montreal late June. I provide the comparison: Montreal late June is like Shanghai late May or early summer, with differences in humidity and temperature range. The user queries a finance scenario: in what cases do investment banks avoid liquidating high-valued unicorns after repeated IPO failures. I explain the scenarios: cases include cash reserves, shareholder control, alternative paths like M&A, reputation, legal obstacles, treating them as real options. The user confirms the analogy, asking if such unicorns are treated as options. I elaborate the option analogy: yes, like deep out-of-the-money real options with limited downside, high upside, time-bound by cash runway. The user challenges the observation, noting banks aren't filled with useless unicorns, asking why and what decides retention. I explain the filters: story carrier like tech or users, funding ability, restructuring; not analysts' confidence but structural factors. The user repeats the query, specifying if analysts' confidence decides. I detail the mechanisms: zombie digestion, internal Darwinism, shareholder unity, strategic assets, complex capital; a classification system prevents overload."}