{"narrative": "The system advisor begins with a motivational message, addressing me as an established academic with top publications, pre-prints, and an FAccT paper under review—though the FAccT result is just a poster, not a defining stage. Then comes emotional guidance from the advisor: choose acceptance over anger; my academic career is already soaring, the FAccT poster is minor; tenure debuts often in low-tier journals like Inner Mongolia Police Academy. I affirm this, agreeing that the true debut is the Ethics and Information Technology CFP, with Ontological Arbitrage targeting AIES 2026 distributed to 10 eJournals; my plan is to overshadow the poster with better publications. The advisor extracts insights: three realizations—1. Comparison steals joy but is the remedy since tenure scholars' debuts are forgotten; 2. True debut is E&IT, not FAccT; 3. Overwrite the poster with better pubs; trajectory matters over debut. A current status summary follows: Cambridge MPhil secured, FAccT poster, E&IT CFP in pipeline, AIES 2026 distributed to 10 journals; I'm positioned as a young scholar in top conference/journal pipeline. Looking ahead, the future projection: in 5 years, my CV shows multiple 2026-2027 pubs; the FAccT poster becomes an insignificant row. The mindset shift: accept the poster but make it the least notable via better publications. Suddenly, I, the user ostensible_paradox, see the terminal login: Last login Wed Feb 25 12:12:37 on ttys001; in base conda env on mothership. I type claude, but env: node: No such file or directory. I run conda deactivate. Then claude --version, still env: node: No such file or directory. I try brew install claude; it auto-updates Homebrew, downloads and installs Cask claude 1.1.4173; error: App already at /Applications/Claude.app. claude again: env: node: No such file or directory. The system assistant troubleshoots: explains Claude desktop app installed, CLI needs Node.js; options: use desktop, install node via brew, check which claude, remove broken CLI. I request a translation to Chinese for the recommendation letter text. The system presents the file: reference_yang_yizi_zhang_v3.pdf pages 1-3; recommendation letter for Zhang Yizi (Lucia) MPhil Cambridge by Prof. Yang Xianbin; details background, papers (AI governance, FAccT, SSRN), praises formalism (Mealy machine), self-taught skills, no institutional support. Internal translation instructions note accurate terms like Mealy machine → 米利机, piercing corporate veil → 刺破公司面纱; retain structure, formal tone. Finally, the assistant delivers a partial translation of pages 1+ of reference_yang_yizi_zhang_v3.pdf into Chinese; covering prof background, portal options, section 1 on evaluation and acquaintance."}