{"narrative": "The demonstrator starts by discussing the cleansing power of the makeup remover cream, inquiring if it can remove waterproof mascara INGRI 02 and applying the makeup remover cream around the eyes. She applies the makeup remover cream, smearing it on her face, feeling a mature woman's sensation and a rich fragrance. Then she rinses the makeup remover cream from around the eyes, finding it refreshing and moisturizing with a slight oily film residue, and a bit of mascara left behind. Evaluating the makeup removal effect, she suggests using an eye makeup remover separately and recommends massaging with appropriate pressure. Next, she introduces the facial cleanser's features, nicknaming it beauty oil foam, containing plenty of beauty oils, suitable for morning and evening use, priced at 12,200 yen. She uses the facial cleanser, taking 1cm amount and adding water to whip up foam that's Q-bouncy and silky smooth, applying it to her wet face with a refreshing and gentle scent. After rinsing the facial cleanser, her skin feels refreshed without tightness, moisturized with oil content. She summarizes suggestions, advising flexible use based on skin condition and budget, like deep cleansing 1-2 times a week. The demonstrator introduces the second product, Link Shot Medical Serum Duo from POLA's medical division, a quasi-drug dual-tube mix-and-introduce serum containing Neirvan ingredients. The store manager demonstrates mixing the serum by squeezing both soft tubes into a bottle, shaking it over 10 times, replacing with a dropper cap, and marking the date. She applies the serum after washing the face, taking 1.5cm amount to spread it, with a soft texture that penetrates quickly, making skin firm, smooth, moisturized. Assessing the serum's effects, it's targeted at existing and potential wrinkles, suggested to pair with retinol, recommending starting with single-tube trial packs to test tolerance. The demonstrator introduces promotions: buying the makeup remover gets a 9g cleanser, and vice versa, plus lotion samples and BA original face towels. She introduces the set: 4-piece kit (makeup remover, cleanser, lotion, emulsion) for 8,800 yen, ideal for travel or trial. She shares store info about Paramin Omiya store location, welcoming visits. At the video's end, the demonstrator calls to subscribe, like, and support the channel. 大野真理子 introduces the video: 2025 new UV protection products explanation part 2, introducing Fanciite Brieast series Renewal products. She introduces Fanciite product features: 6-in-1 effects, protecting against five environmental damages, using damage to enhance repair. She tries the daily lotion and cream: lotion SPF44 PA+++ is lightweight, cream SPF33 PA+++ is moisturizing, with good spreadability and sheen. She recommends it for those who dislike multi-layer sunscreens, want to apply to the neck, or pollen season users. 大野真理子 introduces Curel product: moisturizing base sunscreen makeup, SPF41 PA+++, protective film for sensitive skin, covers unevenness and brightens complexion. She recommends it for seasonal change sensitivity, pollen season, or post-beauty treatment users. Finally, she introduces SOFINA product: SOFINA iP Skincare UV 03, a UV film that doesn't increase pigmentation."}