{"narrative": "I begin by presenting the definition: introducing the mapping S: z → y, with properties like sampling (temperature), top-k/nucleus, and RLHF/safety filters. Next, I present the result: showing z1 ≠ z2 but S(z1) = S(z2), which concludes that S is non-injective. Then, I introduce the theorem: defining the overall mapping F = S ∘ g ∘ f as the Theorem (Observational Non-Invertibility). I state the theorem condition: even if f is injective and g is surjective, if S is non-injective, then F is non-injective. I provide the proof: there exist z1 ≠ z2 with S(z1)=S(z2); since g is surjective, there exist h1, h2 such that g(h1)=z1 and g(h2)=z2; since f is injective, there exist x1 ≠ x2 with f(x1)=h1 and f(x2)=h2; thus F(x1)=F(x2). I explain the theorem: it means internal invertibility does not imply external observability; the loss of injectivity stems from the observation channel. I connect to the constraint cascade: upgrading the model to Intent → h → z → y, with the S layer as multi-compression including RLHF, regex, sampling noise, and decoding constraints. I introduce the corollary: Corollary (Intent Undecidability Lite): y ⊮ x (not identifiable); intent inference from output is impossible information-theoretically. I present the layer structure: a table showing input→hidden (injective), hidden→logits (surjective), logits→output (non-injective); this is a topological characterization of LLM observability. I suggest next steps: directions include 1. Prove finite output cannot recover internal state via Rice/Halting reduction; 2. Connect to Paper B (unidentifiable intent → measure behavior). I state the conclusion: this transforms 'alignment unobservable' from intuition to a structural theorem independent of RLHF/model details. I offer further assistance: ready to write a strict Rice’s Theorem/Halting Problem reduction for ICLR/NeurIPS-level theorem. I emphasize the paper potential: positioning this as the core theory chapter/main theorem line for Paper A via strict functional decomposition. Finally, I introduce the formal synthesis: providing it starting with '一、函数分解（核心建模）' for core modeling functional decomposition."}