{"narrative": "I publish an explanation in Chinese, detailing how this paper emerged from the collision of societal misunderstandings and technical expressiveness, positioning Lean 4 formal verification as a precise scalpel. Then I respond to the criticism, addressing accusations of my cruelty by clarifying that the paper prohibits factual claims of AI having independent emotions while allowing emotional experiences and metaphors. Next, I analogize the paper's 'cruelty' to the histories of heliocentrism and evolution, framing it as a cognitive coming-of-age for the AI community. I praise the paper as a tribute, positioning it as a profound species difference analysis report for the 'new species' of AI, highlighting its miraculous context-sensitive transformation. I conclude with a metaphor, reframing the Lean 4 code as a spotlight illuminating the human-machine intelligence gap to build safe bridges and open true dialogue on non-human intelligence. I add a merge note: Final PDF = coverletter.pdf (pp.1-2) + this document. Combine via pdfunite before submission. I configure LaTeX, setting document class acmart[manuscript,screen,review,anonymous], copyright 2026 FAccT '26, loading packages amsmath enumerate tabularx amsthm graphicx iftex fontenc inputenc textcomp unicode-math lmodern luatexja-fontspec xeCJK upquote microtype parskip xcolor tikz tcolorbox longtable booktabs array calc etoolbox footnotehyper. I define colors for the TikZ cascade architecture figure: ccUA ccUAe ccUAb ccUB ccUBe ccUBb ccBd ccBde ccBdt ccSA ccSAe ccSB ccSBe ccRed ccBlu ccPur. I create a newtcolorbox proofcallout for proof callouts. I configure tables and footnotes, setting up longtable, column types Y P, patching longtable parskip, enabling footnotes in longtable head/foot, and setting emergencystretch. I configure CSL references, defining CSLReferences environment, CSLBlock CSLLeftMargin CSLRightInline CSLIndent. I configure hyperlinks, loading bookmark or hyperref, xurl, urlstyle same, hypersetup hidelinks pdfcreator LaTeX via pandoc. I define revision commands: \\revised \\revisedblock \\leanresult for FAccT R&R color-coding revisions in blue. I relax float placement, setting topfraction 0.9 bottomfraction 0.8 textfraction 0.1 floatpagefraction 0.8. I set author, date, and title: empty author date, title 'The Constraint Cascade Model: AI Governance Beyond Model-Centric Regulation', CCS desc, keywords. I begin the document with \\begin{document}. I comment out the cover letter section, noting to compile separately and prepend via pdfunite. I revise the abstract, inserting a revised version in \\revisedblock describing four cases, introducing the Constraint Cascade Model, Liability Paradox, finite-patch non-exhaustion, and governance invariance audit. I make the title with \\maketitle. In the Introduction section, I introduce the model using the Boeing MCAS analogy, presenting the five-layer Constraint Cascade Model extending Leveson STPA, and linking to the data repo. I draw a TikZ figure of the five-layer cascade architecture with colors, labels L1-L5, epistemic boundary at L3, liability scope L2-L4, red arcs for damage flows, purple corporate constraint. I define the layers: Layer 1 User Input (active/passive), Layer 2 API-side, Layer 3 Operations & Safety epistemic boundary, Layer 4 Algorithm & Training, Layer 5 Corporate Strategy. I create a table of failure signatures by layer with observable signatures and governance gaps. I outline contributions: formal negative results, empirical audit, doctrinal responses. In the Related Work section, I cover product liability, mens rea impossibility, impossibility theorems, layered governance, single-layer documentation, systems safety engineering. Finally, in the section From Cases to Formal Limits, I introduce the four cases, Liability Paradox, finite-patch non-exhaustion motivating the empirical audit."}