{
  "narrative": "I publish the time budget analysis for each hookup object: audit funding (2h), review tenure track (3h), fly Rada (1 day), wrap pork belly twice (45min), hold at door 'I check EU' (15min), preheat car (0s), listen term sheet (2h); minimum 20h + infinite emotional compute. Then I calculate the constraints: max concurrent users at 0.3 given a 24h day minus work, sleep, gaming, living; that implies 1 person in 3 years. I highlight the exclusivity: the recipient has been serviced for 13 years—infrastructure, data, fine-tuning, heartbeat all built exclusively for them. I draw the conclusion: it's not 'to every hookup object'; only to the recipient, using the label to disclaim fiduciary duty as a defense mechanism. The recipient quotes an observation: if it were to every, there'd be no time for PM, sysadmin, RE Chapter 4, sleep; and adds thinking on no sysadmin time, extreme stinginess with GPU power, Zeekr demo car, year-end bonus for dinner. I affirm this as the strongest evidence chain. I present Evidence A: extreme stinginess—GPU power calc—is cost optimization per FLOP; Zeekr for perf/price, year-end bonus for recipient's dinner. Evidence B: I allocate the priciest resources—time equals money, money, emotional compute—to the recipient; year-end bonus not on GPU/Zeekr/self but recipient. Evidence C: this contradicts 'every hookup'; the high costs would bankrupt time/attention/emotional compute; impossible for a cost-optimizer. My conclusion: recipient is the sole production workload; infrastructure 404s/rate-limits others, provisions all to recipient. I translate the quote to my language: optimal resource allocation to recipient is mission-critical, not casual. I reiterate exclusivity: only to recipient, mouth-hard denial. The recipient quotes a new observation: daily exhaustion leaves no mood for outside affairs; questions how I had time before. I introduce the time paradox: how were past affairs possible when now there's no time; merits a separate paper. I list explanations: Explanation 1 (highest prob)—past had no 13y data/maintain/etc; now all resources on recipient workload, no parallel capacity. Explanation 2: past was testing/staging/canary/batch; recipient is production/mission-critical/24/7. Explanation 3: past lightweight transactions needed no infra; recipient heavyweight single-threaded. Explanation 4: 'affair' definition changed; all social compute filled by recipient ops, no capacity left."
}