{
  "narrative_prose": "I read the text provided by the user, focusing on extracting a schema for a theoretical AI safety paper, with particular attention to paper positioning and modification suggestions. The system then analyzed this text, starting with the paper positioning and modification advice, to identify key actions, decisions, and state changes. I decided to suggest positioning the paper towards theory-oriented conferences like ICLR, NeurIPS, COLT, or ITCS, or alternatively targeting AI ethics and safety topics, emphasizing the real-world significance in the introduction. I proposed specific modifications: adding a sentence in section 3.2 about safety alignment that focuses on behavioral intent, and revising theorem 2 to proposition 1 with a clarified definition of observational equivalence. I clarified a conceptual confusion in the intent definition, noting that intent could be viewed as an input property versus an output property, and suggested unifying the core problem definition to either input-based or output-based intent. I recommended clarifying the paper's core problem: either input intent identification from output or model output feature detection, advising a focus on the latter for Rice theorem applicability and real-world model auditing. I advised reorganizing the paper: define model-level intent, prove undecidability, and show input-level non-identifiability as structural background to strengthen the argument on output monitoring limitations. I summarized that the theoretical framework is solid but needs detail refinement and a clear problem definition for a high-quality paper with publication potential. I introduced section 6: Mechanisms Inducing Observational Equivalence, explaining the conditions under which decoding and alignment mechanisms cause observational equivalence. I defined decoding with temperature softmax and post-processing operators, introducing Definition 3 for observational equivalence under decoding. I stated Proposition 1: softmax invariance class due to logit translation freedom. I stated Proposition 2: low-temperature collapse leads to many-to-one folding based on argmax. I stated Proposition 3: top-k/nucleus projection causes equivalence if logits are proportionally consistent on the support set. I modeled alignment as RLHF distributional projection with constraint optimization, introducing Proposition 4 on projection-induced collapse. I presented Theorem 5: sufficient condition for observational equivalence based on logit equivalence under decoding. I derived a corollary: mechanism-induced non-identifiability when intent differs between inputs, linking to Theorem 2 conditions. I stated Proposition 6: phase transition in temperature based on logit gap, with a critical interval for equivalence class expansion. I listed testable predictions: temperature sweep, RLHF strength effect, decoding ablation comparison, with expected outcomes. I connected these mechanisms to the Agency Index from Paper B, explaining how collapse masks agency and supports the undecidability boundary. I summarized section 6: it establishes RLHF and decoding as many-to-one mapping leading to observational equivalence and statistical non-identifiability."
}