{"narrative": "We define the actor distribution entropy approximation with limitations for governance auditing. Then we set the baseline using a uniform distribution over the vocabulary as reference for KL divergence in Stage 2. We provide the rationale justifying the use of compression-based MDL over NLI-based Semantic Entropy targeting structural collapse. We suggest improvement by recommending domain-adapted baselines for domain-specific applications like code assistants. We report boundaries empirically deriving quadrant boundaries in Figure 2 as diagnostic regions, not standards. We introduce Bidirectional Failure Mode Analysis for Model → Human and Human → Model directions. We define the Agency Index as a heuristic for strategic deviation from malfunction. We analyze contamination examining syntactic preference distributions at Layer 1 as contamination vectors from user behavior. We state implications highlighting architectural implications of Layer 1 contamination pathways. We establish results with two unmappability results from Sections 2, 3, and introduce the Constraint Cascade Model in Section 4. We prove Theorem 2 formalizing Dual Unmappability with definitions of concept spaces L, T, R, C. We prove part (i) using Theorem 1 and the non-injective output function of autoregressive systems for Legal Unmappability. We prove part (ii) using Monte Carlo–Empirical Discrepancy with empirical observations for Technical Unmappability. We prove part (iii) with the Constraint Cascade Function Φ explaining empirical phenomena for Cascade Computability. We define translations with partial translation functions h1 to adapted legal space L′ and h2 to expanded technical space T′. We state the corollary that governance requires operating in constraint-cascade space C. We introduce the typology of five constraint interaction patterns for diagnostic vocabulary. We define Override with formal characterization and canonical example L2 → L4. We provide the diagnostic signature for Override using CMI metric and fresh-context comparison. We recommend governance responses for Override: session boundaries, context transparency. Finally, we define Contamination with formal characterization and canonical example L1 → L4."}