{"narrative": "I present proof of the completion of undecidability of P_{I_Y}. Then I introduce the hierarchy, separating it into three logically independent layers of impossibility: structural, statistical, and computational. Next, I define the heuristic chain: structural compression leading to observational equivalence, then to statistical non-identifiability, culminating in undecidability. I clarify the terminology in a remark, distinguishing non-identifiability as statistical from undecidability as computational. I remark on finite models, noting that finite Transformers are decidable in principle but intractable with state space O(2^{bd}). I introduce the mechanisms inducing observational equivalence, focusing on decoding-induced equivalence classes under softmax with temperature τ and truncation Π. I define RLHF as an information-geometric projection, the I-projection minimizing KL subject to reward constraint. I prove the sufficient condition in a theorem: z1 ≡ z2 under (Π,τ) implies P(·|x1)=P(·|x2). I describe the temperature phase transition, the critical τ_c where the equivalence class size expands. I list testable predictions: temperature sweep, alignment strength, and decoding comparison effects on equivalence. I prove the softmax characterization theorem: P_τ equal if and only if z1 = z2 + c1, necessary and sufficient. I prove the truncation characterization theorem: equivalence if and only if support consistency and relative logit agreement on support. I propose the RLHF equivalence proposition: Π_RLHF(P1)=Π_RLHF(P2) implies same observational class. I prove the combined pipeline theorem: sufficient conditions for P* equal under the softmax→truncation→RLHF pipeline. I summarize the conditions in a table: strength of characterizations with softmax strong, truncation moderate, RLHF weak. I define computable tests: logit affine, support match, feature constraint for experimental validation. I archive the prior theorem in an appendix, retained for record though no longer the main claim. I archive the projection proof in an appendix, showing the reward model operates on a low-dimensional projection with format kernel. I archive the nonclosure proof in an appendix, demonstrating the format-content gap persists due to infinite formats versus finite training. I define the Agency Index in a section: AI(x) = KL(P_x || P_base) / E[MDL(y)] to measure constraint strength. I list agency properties: alignment collapse, strategy persistence, quantization sensitivity. I list agency predictions: temperature sweep, RLHF proxy, decoding comparison. I propose the masking effect proposition: observational equivalence does not imply equal Agency Index. I define the experimental protocol in a section: compute resources, Monte Carlo phase validation (E0), future predictions P1-P4. I report the results in a section: E0 validation with Agency Index 0.048-3.96, MDL constant 1.022, phase transition at bias 0.94-0.98. Finally, I discuss limitations: additional discussion on idealized models, specific pipelines, and mechanistic interpretability as an alternative."}