{
  "narrative": "I start by introducing AQUA LABEL's beauty salon gel, a gentle cleansing gel formulated with TEA alkaline agents and lipase, featuring makeup removal while promoting the breakdown of sebum plugs. Next, I test the pH value; the product turns white with oil content, measuring around pH 8, focusing on hot spring pH levels—mildly alkaline, gentler than Biore's pH 10. Then, I analyze the ingredients: lipase breaks down lipids, unlike proteases that don't irritate keratin proteins, targeting the 30% lipid portion of sebum plugs. Assessing effects, it's mild; pH 8 softens keratin but not aggressively, lipase needs time to work, weak makeup removal, ideal for sensitive skin, priced at 130g for 1430 yen.\n\nI switch to introducing Kosé ONE BY KOSÉ pore cleansing oil, promoted for clearing invisible sebum plugs, released in May 2023. I speculate on the background, linking it to Kosé's quantum computer formulation system from January 2023 news, with removal rates of about 60-91%, possibly benchmarked on Decorté's pore essence. Analyzing ingredients, it contains cetyl ethylhexanoate, mineral oil, hydrogenated polyisobutene, polyesters, hydrogenated oils—strong cleansing power, with Neo Solue-Advanced for micro-fine penetration of components. Evaluating effects, high cleansing power targets the 30% lipid in sebum plugs, 180ml for 1980 yen, good for makeup removal but sensitive skin needs double cleansing, may dry out.\n\nI demonstrate testing by rinsing residue with water, still oily, recommending double cleansing. Comparing and recommending: Biore is potent but harshly alkaline, ONE BY KOSÉ strong clearance and good makeup removal, AQUA LABEL mild for sensitive skin—choose based on skin type. For alternatives, sensitive skin should try mystery makeup remover warm compress or oil cleansing for gentle pore improvement.\n\nWrapping up the video, I summarize the showdown of these three products, calling for subscriptions and likes. The file content ends here. Now, translating the title: subjective opinions from Revital users, targeting products for wishes like improving dryness, spots, sagging.\n\nAs narrator Jarpart, I introduce Revital Skin Wrap firming brightening milk, 90ml for 9350 yen, released April 21, 2024, with wrapping technology to keep stratum corneum hydrated. I mention the previous video's Shiseido Revital skin lotion pairing. Analyzing the product, its texture wraps corneocytes, sealing firming and whitening effects, with futuristic promotion. Simplifying, it's like using lotion plus hydrating daytime ingredients sealed with a mask.\n\nEnding the video, thanks for watching, calls for subscriptions and likes, mentioning the blog."
}