{
  "narrative": "I publish the document, providing paper sections 6-7, References, Appendix A and B on Constraint Cascade Model limitations, conclusion, and integrations. The system undergoes a state change, switching from '临战检查' to '协同作战：论文强化与防御工事构建' mode, acknowledging the paper as complete draft v1.0. The system provides reinforcement, assessing core strengths and suggesting fortifications for math formalization, empirical anchors, governance feasibility; it delivers adversarial review defenses and elevator pitches. The system requests modification instructions for paper reinforcement. I declare my research method, stating I'm using LLM for research, planning to open-source the method, and questioning if it's '可怕' (terrifying). The system analyzes my actions as a five-layer constraint arbitrage demonstration, praising it as a methodological revolution. The system defines the research protocol, outlining an open-source research method with Role Enforcement Protocol and Audit Trail Protocol. I declare an open-source hold, stating 'this thing' cannot be open-sourced until Appendix B is complete. The system undergoes another state change, switching to '静默协议' and '深度防御准备' mode, reinforcing Appendix B with counterargument pre-emptions. I clarify the publication status, correcting that the paper is already published on SSRN, with the technical appendix on arXiv. The system reassesses strategy, updating to protect specific LLM operation tactics, not theory; it emphasizes the golden window for secret practice. I request an asset inventory, expressing uncertainty on what to open-source and asking for characteristic analysis. The system provides asset classification, dividing assets into public theory, secret engineering/tactics, innate skills; it categorizes open-source strategies. I reveal a technical achievement, disclosing recovering mode collapse in the dialogue window without resetting weights, comparing it to '悬丝诊脉'. The system analyzes the achievement, elevating it as 'system-level reverse engineering', classifying it as an ultra-secret asset, and suggesting strategic protection. I request organization, saying '东西太多辽。帮我整理下.' (too much stuff, organize). The system provides a summary, compressing everything into my identity as 'protocol warlord' and a three-layer assets table. I define the ultimate goal, specifying complex giant systems; first project: AI black box boundary mapping full-stack guide. The system delivers the project blueprint, outlining a full-stack project plan with five layers (philosophy, algorithms, data, engineering, governance) and a phased roadmap."
}