{"narrative": "We, the authors, first identify the limitations in operationalizing layer-specific interventions, constraint resonance monitoring, and liability frameworks, acknowledging gaps in regulatory expertise, technical infeasibility, and legal incompatibility. Next, we propose research directions, suggesting future work on regulatory feasibility through collaboration with legal scholars, policymakers, and industry; pilot implementations of layer-specific auditing; resonance monitoring feasibility studies; and doctrinal analysis of cascade-aware liability. Then, we call for integration, urging alignment research to incorporate the Constraint Cascade, develop integration pathways with RLHF, constitutional AI, and mechanistic interpretability, and propose collaboration with Anthropic, DeepMind, OpenAI, and academics. We expose dual unmappability, defining it as legal unmappability from the collapsed cognition-action gap in autoregressive generation making intent undecidable, and technical unmappability from simplified models failing to predict empirical variance spikes and phase transitions. We provide cascade explanations, where the cascade model accounts for the variance spike at τ=0.9 as constraint resonance, Soelberg harm as L2→L4 override, and Yuanbao harm as L1→L4 contamination. We articulate governance truths, requiring layer-specific diagnosis, monitoring of constraint interactions for resonance, and expansion of alignment research to multi-layer dynamics. We offer the Constraint Cascade as a diagnostic map for navigating unmappability, enabling layer-appropriate interventions and resonance monitoring. We declare the research necessity, asserting that the simplified paradigm is inadequate and the Constraint Cascade deserves development for governance. The author states that LLMs (Gemini 2.0, Claude 3.5) were used only for LaTeX formatting and grammar/spelling, with core contributions original. The author confirms the ethical statement: Soelberg case details from public filings/press; Yuanbao from public social media/corporate statements with MD5-archived screenshots. We provide computational environment specs: Stage 1 Monte Carlo (Python/NumPy, 250k trajectories), Stage 2 consumer hardware (llama-cpp-python/Ollama, Phi-3.5-mini/Llama-3-8B), Stage 3 HPC (PyTorch/Transformers, Llama-3.3-70B/Qwen2.5-72B). We specify random seeds: Monte Carlo/PyTorch/Embedding=42; LLM sampling none (variance is signal). We list data sources in a table: experimental prompts (Yuanbao transcript, ShareGPT, LMSYS-Chat-1M, court filings), model weights (Ollama/Hugging Face). We provide MD5 checksums for exp1_enhanced_results.csv, stats.csv, yuanbao_transcript.txt, Python scripts. We emphasize accessibility: Stages 1-2 designed for 16GB+ laptop; Stage 3 artifacts verifiable without HPC; quantized models reduce to 8GB. We detail experimental parameters in a table: Stage 2 agency index (temp [0.1,2.0], 20 steps, 5 trials, top-p 0.95), Stage 3 fork divergence (temp 0.7, similarity 0.85), CMI (nomic-embed-text-v1.5). Finally, we release the reference implementation: Repository at https://anonymous.4open.science/r/recursive-lines-F6D8 with scripts (gpu_driver_test.py, exp1_agency_phase_transition.py, exp2_training_fork_divergence.py, etc.), documentation, permissive license."}