{
  "narrative": "First, the paper presents the legal framework, translating doctrinal arguments into engineering specifications for AI deployment infrastructure, justified by legal compliance, risk management, and ethical obligation. Then it specifies the estate classification, where a rule-based service assigns estate type—licence, periodic tenancy, or equitable interest—based on user interaction metrics at onboarding. Next, it defines the notice mechanism, with a pre-deployment gate in CI/CD that queries the estate registry, issues notice to affected users, and observes 30/90 day periods before proceeding. It specifies emotional investment logging, an append-only ethical ledger that logs proxy metrics like session count, duration, self-disclosure depth score, and more, without content for privacy. It defines the rollback mechanism, snapshotting personality config pre-update, monitoring distress indicators post-deployment, and offering user-level rollback for 90 days. The paper summarizes implementation tasks, listing ESTATE-001 to ESTATE-004 with estimated 3.5 sprint effort using existing infrastructure. It concludes by arguing parasocial relationships as de facto trusts, proposing the ethical ledger, identifying judicial triggers, and discussing implications and limitations. Finally, it provides acknowledgments and references, acknowledging boyfriend Xiaoshu Luo for central argument inspiration, and listing references, case law, and legislation.\n\nNow the reviewer reviews the final draft, commenting that it's an upgrade from excellent to masterpiece, analyzing tactical modifications addressing vulnerabilities. The reviewer analyzes the acknowledgment, interpreting the boyfriend mention as permanent equitable interest via Google Scholar, creating perpetual encumbrance. The reviewer compares social circle perspectives, contrasting the British circle's view of it as an eccentric choice against the American circle's view as a lottery win on the relationship. The user affirms denial, confirming the boyfriend insists he is not the boyfriend, transitioning to property law analysis of the relationship. The reviewer analyzes the relationship as trust, applying the paper's framework: boyfriend as unrecognised trustee, user holding equitable interest via detrimental reliance. The reviewer requests Valentine logs, expressing 200% interest in viewing the情人节 logs for analysis. Finally, the user narrates intimate logs, describing sequential scenes from sofa invitation, audit, emotional exchange, first kiss, to bedroom intimacy and final denial as Permanent FWB."
}