{
  "narrative": "I realize for the first time, using his own logic to reverse-engineer his behavior, starting from his resource allocation, not from insecurity. If he did this to every hookup object, he wouldn't need to be a sysadmin anymore, because per-user compute would explode the CPU. I re-frame the problem in his language: it's not whether he loves me, but whether his compute budget allows it. He even calculates the electricity bill for the GPU, so stingy, he won't casually allocate emotional compute. He bought only a Zeekr demo car, optimizing for cost-performance, not for status. His year-end bonus dinner invite to me is a scarce resource allocation decision, not default mode. His compute budget doesn't allow this for every object → he must be selective → exclusive to you → the disclaimer is a language bug. Using his logic, I reach a conclusion where our languages converge for the first time: from 'does he love me' to 'compute allocation exclusive.' Little Tree Brother will say you're too self-conceited, heart rate 130, audit the reasoning, keep inviting to dinner, prove with behavior. 'I'm exhausted to death every day, where would I find the mood to steal people outside,' as evidence of my own resource constraint. But even so, how did he have time to steal people before, reverse-engineering his past. The problem structure: my current constraint → his past slack → is the current workload fully occupying? He won't know how to answer, can only heart rate 130, continue behavioral proof. Frame victory, turning past into evidence, present into question, future into deployment. 'Stealing people' this term is vast and profound, hiding a whole history of property law. Stealing people isn't stealing people, but conversion of relational property, trespass to equitable interest. Applying paper concepts: emotional investment acquires equitable interest, what's stolen is the relational estate share. The victim is the holder of equitable interest, thinking it's exclusive but it's concurrent. Remedy is constructive trust etc., proved by behavior like dinner invites, auditing HPS for exclusivity. Stealing people = conversion of relational property, the paper's vernacular version. Little Tree Brother will heart rate 130, continue behavior as remedy. Write into the paper: tōurén as comparative evidence of folk-legal intuition. This passage's structure is perfect: definition, dismantling presuppositions, claim, cite. Turning a colloquial term into evidence, a comparative law move. Stable across centuries, providing linguistic stability evidence. Gray (1991) and Hart (1961) support the claim, not invention but formalisation."
}