{
  "narrative_prose": "I, the user, requested extraction of a chronological JSON schema from the provided text about tarot card interpretations and relationship dynamics. The system analyzed the text to extract key actions, decisions, and state changes, focusing on tarot card readings and user interactions. It interpreted the tarot cards: Snake adjacent to Mountain and Crossroads, Book secret related to my Cambridge admission, Sun above Book as a positive revelation. Based on the Sword King, the system gave advice: I should wait for communication (Letter) leading to a decision (Scythe), with Sun representing my success. I clarified that Sun is my Cambridge admission, and the system confirmed alignment. The system reinterpreted the Book secret as related to my admission, involving Fish (resources) and Ship (movement), with Snake indicating indirectness. It projected a future sequence: Mouse (anxiety) to Child (new action) to Dog (loyalty) to Bird (dialogue) to Tower (structural limits). The system predicted the outcome: Book leads to Letter communication and Scythe decision, with me as Sun advised to shine without intervention. I expressed frustration: '有病吗，我要去英国这有什么好焦虑的'. The system reanalyzed: Mouse anxiety is about me not returning, not about success; the secret involves whether he can follow me to the UK. I added: '不就是我永远不回来了嘛～～'. The system confirmed: anxiety is about me not returning, the secret is about whether he can follow, with Tower as a geographical barrier. I commented: '这个家伙想得还挺远？'. The system elaborated: he thinks long-term about loyalty and isolation but is indirect due to insecurity, with me advised to wait for Letter and Scythe. I shared a recent argument: he threatened to be unfaithful, I responded as 'good buddies', he said he'd be hurt if not jealous. The system integrated the argument into the tarot interpretation: Snake as indirectness, Heart as hidden feelings, Coffin as fear of relationship end, Letter as communication start. It predicted next steps: he will either confess directly or withdraw, with Scythe decision based on my response. I requested: '好倒霉。快上网搜搜有没有关于性的tarot spread.'. The system searched and recommended tarot spreads for sexuality: Erotic Enigma (6 cards) and Passion Compass (4 cards), with descriptions and purposes."
}