{"narrative": "The tarot reader begins with a present interpretation, explaining the snake's adjacent cards: the mountain at 21 as the obstacle of Cambridge, the crossroad at 22 as choices like go or not, follow or not, release or not. Then, he reveals his secrets: he knows about the Cambridge admission, he's pondering his own response, considering a possible plan with ship and fish, fearing judgment by the King of Swords or the scythe cutting ties. He foresees a positive outcome—the sun above the book means the secret reveal won't ruin things; the admission is bright, the secret illuminated positively; it's not hiding something bad, but facing departure. He gives advice: he'll talk because of the admission letter; the reaction involves book, fish, ship—money, resources, move, plan; the scythe redefines cleanly; be the sun, let him reveal. He offers detail, proposing to elaborate on the letter's tone, content, intent from its position, neighbors, knight.\n\nThe user confirms, revealing that the sun is the Cambridge admission, and the reader confirms the match. The tarot reader corrects the sun: sun at 31 in position (4,4) is the user; the user as man at 28 in (3,1) is the King of Swords; the sun is admission success; above the book, the secret relates to the user. He reinterprets the book: book at 26 in (4,6), with sun above, it's a secret about or because of the admission; possibilities like he knows but is unsure, the plan is complicated, he's hesitating on a decision. He combines cards: book plus fish at 34 for money and resources plus ship at 3 for travel and move equals a secret on resources, money, move triggered by the admission; for example, considering the UK, a job change, following.\n\nThe tarot reader explains the snake: the user as sun is too bright; he as reversed Pentacle Page feels insecure, the snake is indirect, mountain obstacle, clouds confusion, mice anxiety; he fears inadequacy. He traces the future line: mice to child to dog to bird to tower—anxiety, new sincere act, loyalty, talk, structural limit like distance, visa, money, tower. For the outcome sequence: book (secret) to letter (communication) to scythe (clear cut); it redefines the relation—follow with ship, fish, sun being good, or release with tower and scythe.\n\nHe summarizes: he knows the admission, is anxious with mice, has a resource and move secret in book, fish, ship, will contact via letter, clear result with scythe; user, do nothing, shine as sun. The user challenges, questioning the anxiety over the UK move: 'What's to be anxious about, I'm not coming back?' The reader agrees and revises: anxiety not over your excellence but his own issues. He revises anxiety: mice right of snake in the future are his own anxiety, leading to child for a new start. He recombines cards: fish, ship, book in the subconscious future.\n\nThe user offers insight, reiterating: going to the UK means not returning. The tarot reader confirms the puzzle is complete with the user's words. He clarifies anxiety: it's over 'you forever not returning'—ship for far travel, tower for isolation, scythe for cut; geographical distance is inevitable. He defines the secret: book plus fish plus ship plus sun is a secret on resources, money, move; likely considering the UK but undecided, can't go due to tower, or a life change to follow. He explains the snake again: snake is indirect, afraid of a direct ask like 'what after you leave?' or 'follow you?'; he observes, anxious, trapped in tower; the sun forces the reveal. Finally, he predicts action: he will act via letter plus scythe."}