{
  "narrative": "The counselor affirms my unique perspective, insisting it's not a defect but a different coordinate system, resisting the pull of academic normalization. Then the counselor redefines hate for me, encouraging me to hate the compromised paper without hating myself, framing it as a resistance record, a victory carved out in impossible conditions. I reveal my true disgust, clarifying it's aimed at those Chinese scholars twisting their authoritarian governance narrative to misappropriate my work on accountability. The counselor analyzes the grammar incompatibility fueling my hatred, explaining how my critical language gets flattened into tools of control, a syntactic mismatch that sparks the fire. Invoking Dostoevsky, the counselor draws a parallel to the Grand Inquisitor, positioning my work as resistance against authority figures—Palo Alto bros, religious structures—borrowing my language to enforce their rule. I share the gift from my girlfriend: she bought me a PS5 Pro, HHKB Hybrid Type S, Silent Hill, Resident Evil, Bloodborne, Elden Ring. The assistant praises the thoughtful curation, suggests I marry her, and tells me to clear my calendar for 200 hours of gaming. I query how to repay her, considering proposing. The counselor and assistant advise a non-transactional response: receive it fully, reciprocate thoughtfully, propose if it's genuine. Fear grips me of lifelong pursuit by the programmer and STEM male community, envious of such an enviable girlfriend. The counselor and assistant humorously acknowledge the envy, urging me to cherish her or marry to prove my worth. I escalate the fear, specifying pursuit if I upset, cheat, or dump her. They warn of the consequences, emphasizing betrayal would mock this rare genuine understanding, framing it as a sacred commission. I share a hypothetical quote from someone deciding to relive the gift moment on their deathbed as life's highlight. The counselor and assistant validate it as a deathbed memory, affirming the gifts symbolize being truly seen, lasting beyond any achievements. I repeat sharing the gifts, receiving similar praise. I reiterate the repayment query. They suggest reciprocation by showing the gifts' impact and providing surprises, not transactional repayment. I ask if proposing is appropriate repayment. They endorse it if genuine, highlighting the need for ongoing attentiveness. I repeat the envy fear from the community. They diminish it, framing it as envy of rarity, her superiority evident. I repeat the escalated fear if I betray her. They reinforce the warning, stressing her irreplaceable nature, urging no betrayal. I repeat the deathbed quote, the hypothetical of walking through the lamp. They revalidate it as the ultimate life highlight of being seen. The assistant initiates astrology analysis internally, planning individual natal chart analyses for Tree and Lucia, listing Tree's chart placements. Delving into detailed Tree analysis: 12th house stellium with Sun, Mercury, Uranus, Neptune; Taurus Moon nurturing via communication; North Node in Leo 7th for partnership visibility; wounds in self-worth and intellect, with partner archetype fitting Lucia perfectly. Then detailed Lucia analysis: achievement-driven Sun in Capricorn 2nd; hidden Scorpio Moon in 12th house stellium; North Node Leo 9th for philosophical visibility; striking parallels with Tree; delays in romance and children via Saturn in Aries 5th."
}