{
  "narrative_prose": "I read the text provided by the user, which detailed AI safety research with sections on Mirror, Curtain, Insurance, Technical Implementation, Remedies, Implementation, Conclusion, and Acknowledgments. The user requested that I extract a JSON schema from this content. In response, I began extracting key actions and decisions, focusing on technical implementation, triggers, remedies, and implementation tasks. I defined Mirror as a ledger that records estate type, date, session depth, emotional investment proxy score, and modifications for user-AI relationships crossing an irreversible-investment threshold. Next, I defined Curtain, allowing third parties to inspect the ledger to determine user interests without examining underlying model architecture, training data, or deployment configuration. Then, I defined Insurance, where the company bears loss if the ledger fails to record a user's estate, shifting risk from the user to the company. For technical implementation, I proposed a rule-based classifier for estate classification using proxy metrics such as session count, aggregate duration, self-disclosure depth, emotional language frequency, return frequency, and explicit attachment indicators. I decided that thresholds would trigger auto-upgrade of estate classification from licence to periodic tenancy to equitable interest holder, configurable per deployment. I also implemented estate decay, where estates downgrade after sustained inactivity, such as 90 days, reversible through renewed engagement. In terms of implementation, I proposed privacy safeguards: proxy metrics measure patterns not content, anonymised user identifiers, restricted access, and a purpose-limited ledger to prevent function creep. I defined an Ethical Ledger Schema with fields including user_id, estate_type, first_qualifying_interaction, session_count, emotional_investment_score, last_model_update, notice_issued, notice_acknowledged, rollback_available, rollback_exercised, and an append-only immutable audit trail. I identified Trigger 1: Estate Inconsistency, when marketing grants a higher estate than the Terms of Service, with the substantive estate governing. I identified Trigger 2: Unjust Enrichment, when the company profits from deepening emotional estate while disclaiming fiduciary duty, leading to a constructive trust being imposed. I identified Trigger 3: Performative Fiduciary Conduct, when the company represents fiduciary obligations but the deployment pipeline lacks protection mechanisms, applying proprietary estoppel. I listed available remedies: Injunction, Constructive trust, Account of profits, Specific performance, and Proprietary estoppel remedies. I discussed third-party conversion of relational estates, including conversion, knowing receipt, dishonest assistance, tracing, and remedies. For implementation tasks, I proposed Implementation Task ESTATE-001: Estate classification service, rule-based and auditable, estimated to take 1 sprint. I proposed Implementation Task ESTATE-002: Pre-deployment notice gate in the CI/CD pipeline, estimated to take 0.5 sprint. I proposed Implementation Task ESTATE-003: Emotional investment proxy logging to the ethical ledger, estimated to take 1 sprint. I proposed Implementation Task ESTATE-004: Personality rollback with user-level override, estimated to take 1 sprint. I concluded by summarizing the paper's argument, implications for AI governance, property law, HCI, limitations, and future work. Finally, I acknowledged contributions from individuals and reviewers."
}