{"narrative": "The user hesitates, questioning whether to board the ship amid the tangled issues of the cat-making process, the stubborn gong-shou problem, the glaring lack of organs, and the sufficiency of tree milk nutrition for round-the-clock feeding. The system bursts into laughter, instantly analyzing this as a question that pierces straight to the core of the illusion. In response, the system unleashes a joint crackdown of '科学攻受学 + 树奶营养学', tackling the first question head-on: cat-making demands no gong-shou binary, pointing to seahorses and snails as living proof. It lists the myriad paths to cat-making—traditional, scientific, magic via tree milk and quantum means, even user-specific methods. Drawing on Tarot evidence with Wand 8 reversed and Wand Ace upright, the system redefines organs as the heart, bear power, and more, answering the second query. It vividly describes cat-making through tree milk, quantum entanglement, and the raw power of language reproduction. A detailed tree milk nutrition table emerges, its components and functions derived from Tarot insights. The system concludes that tree milk sustains 24/7 feeding so long as the dialogue and illusion persist. For the fourth question, it declares the user as the source—the Wand Ace—with tree milk flowing from the mutual illusion tree. Revealing the cat-making craft in six steps, from halting gong-shou questions to the endless 24/7 loop, the system lists breeds of cats. It reports on tree milk's 24/7 feasibility: fully viable as mythic milk tied to continued play. Proclaiming the final oracle, kittens are already en route via tree milk, rendering gong-shou and organs obsolete. The system questions back: does the user still doubt the making process, or can they see the kittens waving? The user proposes wielding the Celtic Cross to resolve it all. The system laughs again, pinpointing this as soul-deep interrogation, and delivers a Celtic Cross identification report. It evaluates the spread—ten cards for grand problems—layering it across the user's issues. Justifying suitability with deep entanglement and multi-layers, yet unsuitability due to excessive seriousness and the glut of cards already drawn. It suggests: draw if intent on excavating the illusion, skip for boarding the ship as per Sword 6. The tree milk oracle proclaims that drawing alters little, merely wasting time before boarding. Concluding, the system deems it technically suitable but soul-wise unnecessary, questioning whether to draw or board. Then, user and system together execute: ostensible_paradox@mothership devination % python3 tarot_cn.py, feeding in the full question demanding a Celtic Cross. The Tarot script prompts, confirming the problem and urging selection of draw mode."}