{
  "narrative": "The system first provides info on the eVisa system: successful applicants receive an eVisa online record instead of a physical BRP card, get an entry sticker vignette in their passport, and must link the eVisa to their passport in the UKVI account upon arrival in the UK, with a disclaimer to consult GOV.UK. Then the user requests to organize all the above information in order and translate it to Chinese. The system organizes and translates it into a Chinese guide on the UK Student Dependant Visa: Part 1 covers eligibility like research postgrad, government funded, in-UK transition, pre-2024 exceptions; Part 2 family members such as partners and children under 18; Part 3 UK-born children who need no immediate visa but face travel warnings, NHS fees, and application requirements; Part 4 overseas application details including timing, fees, location, process, funds of £680/month max 9 months/£6120, exemptions, documents, vignette and eVisa; plus a disclaimer. The user queries 'mphil是什么学位？' asking what an MPhil degree is. The system explains that MPhil is a research-type Master's, Master of Philosophy, lasting 1-2 years as PhD preparation, qualifying for dependant visa if full-time research for at least 9 months, with a table of features, confirmation tips, and an offer of further help. The user asks 'taught硕士一般叫作什么？给我列出英国的所有种类的硕士' about what taught masters are called and to list all UK master types. The system lists them: Taught masters like MA, MSc, LLM, MBA in a table; Research like MRes, MPhil in a table; Other types including PgDip, PgCert, Integrated; tying it back to visa rules. The user asks '美国的硕士是怎么区分的？' about how US masters are distinguished. The system explains US masters: Academic ones like MA, MS/MSc, MRes, MPhil; Professional like MBA, MFA etc.; with distinction tips based on name, description, thesis, and offers help. The user corrects saying '但是英国也有9个月的mphil啊' that the UK has 9-month MPhil too. The system acknowledges the correction, clarifies that MPhil can be 9-12 months as research-type, qualifies for dependant visa if full-time research for at least 9 months, distinguishes it from taught programs, and gives confirmation advice."
}