{
  "narrative": "I start analyzing the user's master's identity as the core conflict amplifier, explaining how system expectations clash with the user's output behavior. Suddenly, the user interrupts with frustration: '什么东西啊 我的意思是硕士能发1篇一级学报已经要跪下来感谢上苍了 他居然让我去弄cssci'. I clarify the misunderstanding, reframing it around the mentor's high expectations fueled by the user's international successes like FAccT, AI&Society, and Yale Law Review. Diving deeper, I dissect three possibilities for the mentor's C刊 requirement: incentive talk, distorted equivalence, or loyalty test. The user corrects me, clarifying that international success stems from double-blind review, unlike domestic single-blind processes. I agree and expand, confirming the game rules difference—double-blind international versus identity-biased domestic—and propose a communication strategy seeking the mentor's tactical advice. The user shares their strategy, mentioning preparation of a '约束级联模型' for the mentor meeting, with the lower part kept confidential. I provide a negotiation strategy, crafting a humble yet aggressive meeting script: present the framework as preliminary, seek international law input, and propose C刊 collaboration. The user queries journal tiers: '在中国 刊物的等级怎么划分的'. I explain the Chinese journal hierarchies, with CSSCI as the C刊 core for humanities, highlighting the cognitive gap between international and domestic recognition. The user interprets the mentor's view, inferring an assumption of returning to China due to US barriers in alignment/governance, hence the need for CSSCI. I deconstruct the mentor's logic chain and propose a dual-track strategy—international plus domestic—inviting the mentor as coach. The user refines, noting that domestic law/social scientists ignore international venues like AI&Society, unlike in the AI field. I confirm the power structure divide and strategize 'strategic translation' of the framework into domestic terms, requesting the mentor's help for C刊. The user queries how to explain Mealy machine and regex proofs to an international law postdoc mentor. I advise translation: do not explain technical details, but map to legal concepts like black-box dilemma and strict liability. The user presses, suggesting citing peer review: '计算机科学家审过我的数据了，同行评审说可'. I reject it, warning against diving into details, and provide a high-level script framing FAccT as 'final judgment' validated by top peers. The user reiterates concern about the mentor's ignorance of FAccT/ACM standards and domestic experts' tech literacy. Finally, I resolve the trust gap, finalizing a script positioning FAccT as rigorous validation with the mentor as legal architect."
}