{
  "narrative": "I, Yizi, am reflecting deeply, yearning for a shared narrative with my partner, rejecting any 'deal,' and questioning my father's attitude toward the AI frontier and DeepMind. Then, my advisor and I propose asking my partner about his ideal tech pursuits and whether the SF/Stanford environment truly helps, addressing my bitter smile at the crossroads of worlds. I self-reflect, deprecating myself as a 'terrible girlfriend,' but the advisor reframes it as awe-inspiring with deep insight, analyzing 'terrible' as my refusal of simple games, unrepayable gifts, 清醒冒险, and a specific profound love. I decide to talk to my junior high homeroom teacher to revisit the origins of our relationship. I reveal my 5-year grueling struggle from a poor undergrad to an elite CV—UCLA applied math to UCB CS equivalent—shame-driven 'kneeling crawl,' success after 5 years. The advisor analyzes it as a silent war, trauma healing, an uncompleted narrative; advising self-reconciliation, reframing the chase as growth, distinguishing love from the complex. I clarify my intent: I don't care about effort or hate him, I want him free on the West Coast; my soul was saved when he saw me, he doesn't need the backstory. The advisor rescripts a light dialogue for the Stanford offer, marriage as an option, emphasizing sharing opportunity not sacrifice. I affirm this unprecedented selfless love, wanting to be his 'surprise visa when he aims for DeepMind,' proving my value to Stanford/Oxbridge/Leiden/LMU. The advisor plans steps: apply to Stanford HAI, consult immigration; a casual dialogue script toolizing marriage as an F-2 visa solution with exit option. Today at 2:20pm at SJTU, I execute: going to Binjiang Alibaba for the HHKB keyboard bought from the tech lead, then SF Express to TapTap front desk with the note. The advisor proposes note schemes with tech/gamer references; I finalize 'sudo apt-get install happiness. && git commit -m “You’ve got the hardware, now install your OS. —L”'. I update the note to 'sudo apt-get install happiness && git -c user.name=\"Yizi\" commit -m “You’ve got the hardware. Now install your OS.”'. I express lament over the world's unfairness: my mentor indulges me (submitting the regulation paper), I skip vacation; my partner struggles with the 8am subway. The advisor reframes it as frontend (my alignment/governance community, tea breaks) vs. his backend (subway commits); the gift as a full-stack intervention. I question what a normal human or Tree would react like to a $500 gift. The advisor predicts: normal—confusion/gratitude/social share; Tree—layered (engineer/gamer/history/crisis), delayed understated response. Finally, the advisor analyzes Tree's reaction paths: defense/silence/digest, emotional impact/slow process, accept signal/talk; noting my Yizi signature adds weight."
}