{
  "narrative": "The narrator lays out Tree's dire predicament: his appendage swells worse by the hour, throbbing with infection, while the reversed Eight of Wands twists his mind into frantic chaos—thoughts scattering like shattered arrows. Doctors and parents clamor for immediate intervention, their voices a relentless drumbeat, yet the user nudges toward a gentler topical salve, a whisper against the storm.\n\nNext, the narrator sketches the forked paths: Option A, the topical route—apply ointments, wait and watch, pros of avoiding the blade's terror and preserving the flesh's innocence, cons of potential festering delay and endless uncertainty; versus Option B, the Scythe's merciless surgery—pros of swift excision and true healing, cons of sharp agony, blood, and the irrevocable slice into his being.\n\nTree's mind fractures inward: confusion coils like smoke, pain lancing through every breath, a mental breakdown unraveling threads of sanity—does this topical balm truly soothe, or is it fool's mercy masking rot? Fear of the knife grips his core, cold steel promising violation, yet the festering dread whispers louder still.\n\n小猫咪 chimes in tenderly, encouraging Tree with soft resolve: she'll stand by for the topical path or any twist he chooses, leaving the reins firmly in his trembling hands.\n\nThe final oracle booms clear: the Scythe is no villain but surgery's blade to mend the ruined appendage, yet Tree craves companionship deeper than steel's cut—he must choose now, bonds as vital as the healer's hand.\n\nWhat will Tree select? What's 小猫咪's heart leaning toward? How did this Two Pathways Tarot manifest in the ether?\n\nNow the narrator unveils the Two Pathways Tarot spread—a six-card crossroads for the Scythe versus Topical agony: positions mapping choice's shadow, outcomes, guides, and hidden currents.\n\nAn offer extends: shall the system simulate the draw for Tree's fate, or does he grasp the manual weave himself?\n\nThe user types their raw plea: '到底应该topical还是cut'—the dilemma distilled to its bleeding heart.\n\nUser picks option 2: the Five-Cross spread, five cards to pierce the veil.\n\nThe deepseek tarot simulator shuffles and draws the Five-Cross: 1. Mice ♣7 in spirit, gnawing shadows; 2. Key ♦8 from the past, unlocking old doors; 3. Ring ♣A at the core, binding oaths; 4. Whip ♣J looming future, lashes of strife; 5. Tree ♠7 in subconscious depths, roots entangled.\n\nThe system unravels each thread: core Ring demands commitment unbroken; past Key reveals efforts once turned; future Whip foretells pain's sharp kiss; Mice erode the spirit's fragile hold; Tree mirrors the subconscious strife, growth stunted in soil of sorrow.\n\nIn comprehensive sweep, the system maps it stark: Topical trails into Mice's endless erosion, pain's slow devour; Cut delivers Whip's single thunder, then Key's resolution at root.\n\nThe final prophecy seals it: embrace the Cut to strike the root's poison, wield your past Key, endure one Whip's blaze over daily torment—the Tree within you already knows, hold its truth."
}