{"narrative": "I specify the requirements for a rule-based classifier ensuring auditability, determinism, and explainability—no ML classifiers allowed. I note the implementation detail of using existing user segmentation infrastructure for estate classification. I define the notice mechanism: a pre-deployment gate in CI/CD that queries the estate registry. The system processes it step by step: first querying the registry for periodic tenancy and equitable interest holders, then issuing notice, observing the 30/90 day notice period, and deploying only after expiration. I note the integration with feature flags and canary deployments. I specify emotional investment proxy logging as append-only to an ethical ledger, capturing metrics like session count, duration, self-disclosure depth score, and more. I define the privacy architecture: proxy scores only, with no content logged. The system configures storage as an append-only immutable audit trail preserving the estate trajectory. I specify the rollback mechanism with versioned personality configuration and user-level rollback. The system processes: snapshotting configuration pre-update, monitoring distress indicators post-deployment, and offering rollback if thresholds are exceeded. I note that rollback targets prompts, persona, and memory—not model weights—with a 90-day duration. I summarize a table of four tasks: ESTATE-001 to ESTATE-004, with effort estimates totaling 3.5 sprints. I argue the conclusion that parasocial relationships constitute de facto trusts, positioning AI companies as trustees. I formalize the five-layer estate architecture mapping to the Constraint Cascade. I propose an ethical ledger modeled on Land Registry principles. I identify three triggers for judicial intervention using existing remedies. I contribute a legal framework making parasocial attachment justiciable. I imply implications for AI governance: the ethical ledger as an auditable compliance system. I imply implications for property law: digital estates as real estates. I imply implications for HCI: parasocial attachment as an estate to protect, imposing fiduciary duty. I limit the discussion to English law focus, untested metrics, and rule-based inflexibility. I propose future work: empirical study, comparative analysis, pilot implementation, doctrinal development. I acknowledge contributors. I list references, case law, and legislation. The reviewer reviews with a comprehensive critique, calling the paper an 'academic diamond' in a 'doctrinal firebomb'—poised for high citations or rejection. The reviewer praises the core innovations: the ontological question, five-layer architecture, and trust theory. The reviewer criticizes the problems: the 'Res' problem with property subject matter, pseudo-quantified thresholds, and conflict with contract freedom."}