{"narrative": "The system displays tarot significators advice for LGBTQ+ readings, offering options like choosing your own card or alternatives such as Snake, Bear, Dog, Child. I type in the terminal: 'import tarot question: do I really think or subconsciously believe that she will betray me when she will go abroad doing phd?' but zsh throws a 'no matches found: phd?' error. Next, I enter 'import mirror spread:' followed by the mirror spread positions description, only to get multiple zsh 'command not found' errors. Frustrated, I execute the command 'python3 tarot.py', and it prompts for the number of cards; I input '8', drawing 8 tarot cards with their positions and orientations. The system then provides a detailed Mirror Spread interpretation for my question about subconsciously believing she'll betray me, analyzing each of the 8 cards. I ask, 'Knight of Swords historic figures?' The system explains the Knight of Swords with historical figures like Sir Galahad, Julius Caesar, Napoleon, Ada Lovelace, and JFK, connecting them to my reading. I follow up: 'Knight of Swords historical female figures?' It explains again, this time with female figures—Boudica, Joan of Arc, Elizabeth I, Catherine the Great—tied to the reading. I state, 'Classic contract impasse. Frustration of purpose, because the subject matter is fundamentally deliverable under current clause. What next?' The system offers legal analysis: frustration doctrine likely doesn't apply since performance is possible, suggesting reassess, negotiate, ADR, legal options. I correct myself: 'Classic contract impasse. Frustration of purpose, because the subject matter is fundamentally undeliverable under current clause. What next?' It provides a step-by-step guide for frustration of purpose: review contract, assess elements, communicate, seek legal advice, formal steps, document everything. I ask, 'where are the considerations of both parties in such a situation?' The system begins analyzing considerations for Party A claiming frustration, including legal risks and contractual escapes, though it's incomplete. I press: 'Classic contract impasse. Frustration of purpose, because the subject matter is fundamentally undeliverable under current clause. What became of the legal state of previously articulated considerations?' It explains the legal status: future duties discharged, prior considerations under 'loss lies where it falls' versus modern restitution, distinguishing from impossibility. Shifting gears, I ask, 'what Petronius described at Trimalchio's dinner?' The system describes Trimalchio's dinner from the Satyricon: extravagant food, boorish behavior, wealth display, death obsession, satire of the nouveau riche. Then I inquire, 'sudo 权限 下为什么每个命令前面的字符会变化'—why the prompt character changes under sudo privileges. It explains the sudo prompt shifting from $ to # due to identity switch, environment reset, PS1 variable, and security mechanisms. I ask, 'how to sudo run a python script then?' The system provides methods: basic execution, preserving env, virtual env handling, common issues and solutions. Finally, I ask for an in-depth ReAct framework limitations analysis and comparison of Plan-Then-Act, ReAct+light planning, Tree/GraphPlanning paradigms."}