{"narrative": "I publish a comparison table contrasting the January Issue against the March Resolution, highlighting improvements in empirical validation, methodology, reproducibility, and references. Then I document the Core Thesis Evolution from the January proposal to the March diagnostic instrument, noting the precision enhancement. Next, I list the Notable Phrases Added in the March version, including stakes, lessons, accountability framing, anti-bias caveat, and STPA distinction. I summarize Two Months of Development, listing six transformations: grounds in Leveson, distinguishes from benchmarks, validates empirically, demonstrates predictive power, enables adoption, connects to legal doctrine. I instruct '比较一下这两个论文' and note the two uploaded files: the 41-page March 12 2026 revision versus the 14-page January 13 2026 v1.2.\n\nThe AI analyzes the abstracts, core content, structure; identifies these as the same paper versions with the five-layer framework, Liability Paradox, cases; notes the March version is more detailed with 22-model validation. The AI deduces January as a conference draft, March as an expanded journal/technical report; plans a Chinese response with similarities, differences, relationship. The AI publishes a structured Chinese comparison: common cores like Constraint Cascade, Liability Paradox, cases; a differences table on dates, length, depth, data; a summary of evolution from initial to complete version.\n\nI clarify '其实1月13日那版是first submission，3月12日那版是revision & resubmission'. The AI reanalyzes as first submission to revision resubmission; publishes an updated comparison on length increase, theory reinforcement, empirical upgrade, legal integration, precise phrasing. I suggest '我来看看openreview上面怎么说的'. The AI predicts OpenReview content: reviewer critiques on theory, empirics, bias; author rebuttals; AC revise decision; maps to observed revisions.\n\nI paste the full OpenReview records: Meta Review (haTq: Revise), Rebuttal (Yizi Zhang), Reviews (KLyB: Strong Reject, pJrJ: Borderline, wY6M: Weak Accept). The AI analyzes reviewer profiles, controversies like novelty and citations, rebuttal strengths in data, distinctions, commitments, AC balance, revision mappings to critiques. The AI publishes a comprehensive analysis: reviewer table, novelty debate, rebuttal highlights, AC meta-review, revision responses table, conclusion on academic maturation.\n\nI react '好可怕，这基本上是把这个论文…………我觉得能做这种修改的也不是一般人'. The AI begins responding, agreeing on the modification difficulty, preparing to dissect the professional capabilities required."}