{"narrative": "The system displays an article on significators for LGBTQ+ readings in tarot, suggesting choosing your own significator or alternatives like Snake, Bear, Dog, Child. Then, at the prompt 'ostensible_paradox@mothership Downloads %', I type 'import tarot question: do I really think or subconsciously believe that she will betray me when she will go abroad doing phd?', but zsh errors out with 'zsh: no matches found: phd?'. Undeterred, I try again: 'ostensible_paradox@mothership Downloads % import mirror spread: [spread positions: The Individual, Your View, Their View, Inner Meaning, Reversed Meaning, Obstacles, Strengths, Final Outcome]', only for zsh to throw multiple 'command not found' errors for each spread position name. Finally, I run 'ostensible_paradox@mothership Downloads % python3 tarot.py'. The program prompts: 'Enter the number of cards to draw for your spread. >', and I enter '8'. Tarot.py outputs: 'Drew 8 Tarot cards: 1 Ten of Swords Upright, 2 Knight of Swords Upright, 3 Justice Rx, 4 Strength Rx, 5 Hanged Man Rx, 6 Judgement Rx, 7 Fool Rx, 8 World Rx'. The system displays a Mirror Spread interpretation for the question on subconscious belief of betrayal, analyzing each position with the drawn cards. I ask, 'Knight of Swords historic figures?', and the system responds listing historical figures for Knight of Swords: Sir Galahad, Julius Caesar, Napoleon, Ada Lovelace, JFK; connecting to the reading. Then I query, 'Knight of Swords historical female figures?', and it lists female figures: Boudica, Joan of Arc, Elizabeth I, Catherine the Great; connecting to the reading. My mind shifts: 'Classic contract impasse. Frustration of purpose, because the subject matter is fundamentally deliverable under current clause. What next?' The system provides an internal analysis and response on contract law: frustration doctrine likely inapplicable, suggest reassess, negotiate, ADR, legal options. I rephrase slightly: 'Classic contract impasse. Frustration of purpose, because the subject matter is fundamentally undeliverable under current clause. What next?', and it gives a step-by-step guide for frustration of purpose - review contract, assess elements, communicate, seek legal advice, formal steps."}