{
  "narrative": "I start by analyzing the Biore UV Aqua Rich Airy Hold Cream, comparing its 'red capsule' technology to the Watery Hold Cream's 'Aqua Capsule', noting the differences in composition and function. Next, I research the 'humidity response agent' by finding a Kao press release from February 13 about a UV protection technology that uses hyaluronic acid hydrogel capsules and superabsorbent polymers. Then, I analyze the ingredients of the Biore UV Aqua Rich Airy Hold Cream, listing UV absorbers like ethylhexyl methoxycinnamate, alcohol, and noting it's not suitable for sensitive skin due to strong UV absorbers and alcohol. I identify hyaluronic acid and acrylates/sodium acrylate copolymer as likely components of the 'humidity response agent', based on my ingredient list analysis. I compare the Biore UV Aqua Rich Airy Hold Cream, which is traditional with strong UV absorbers and alcohol, to the Watery Hold Cream, which is sensitive skin-friendly with no UV absorbers or alcohol, highlighting their different target audiences. I test the Biore UV Aqua Rich Airy Hold Cream for the first time, noting its texture like whipped cream, mild scent, slight whitening, smooth application with minimal stickiness, and a water resistance test showing absorption. I evaluate the products, recommending the Watery Hold Cream for sensitive skin audiences but acknowledging the Airy Hold Cream's superior lightweight feel for non-sensitive users, positioning them as extremes: ingredient/gentleness versus usability-focused. I discuss the lack of promotion offer for the Airy Hold Cream from Kao, speculating it's due to the product not fitting the audience, and state my personal refusal to promote it despite its good usability. I switch topics to pore care products comparison, introducing three popular drugstore items: Biore's 'At-Home Facial Massage Cleansing Gel', ONE BY KOSE's 'Pore Cleansing Oil', and Shiseido AQUA LABEL's 'Salon Gel'. I analyze Biore's 'At-Home Facial Massage Cleansing Gel', focusing on the key ingredient 'tromethamine' (TRIS) that decomposes sebum in blackheads through an alkaline reaction, noting its high pH of around 9-10 and potential skin sensitivity issues. Finally, I analyze Shiseido AQUA LABEL's 'Salon Gel', noting ingredients like DPG, emulsifiers, TEA as an alkaline agent, and 'lipase' enzyme, positioning it as a mild cleanser with pore care and makeup removal capabilities."
}