{"narrative": "On Friday, January 23, 2026, at 15:48, a system notification pops up: Michael accepted your invitation, explore their network. Then, on Saturday, January 24 at 9:46 PM, I message Hey. Sunday, January 25 at 11:29 AM, Michael replies with a snail's GIF meme waving hands: Greetings! Later that day at 4:25 PM, I say Thank you. At 8:44 PM, he sends 🤝. Moving to Monday, January 26 at 12:34 AM, I share a meme: A hand fetching out of an old style computer's screen onto DeepSeek logo the whale's head, saying: nicely made-up. #tap tap on head. At 8:41 AM, he thumbs up 👍. By 5:49 PM, I notify: You have a birthday present at the front desk. The delivery guy left the package at this place. (picture of location) I don't know your Chinese cell number, But it has your name on it. Since you liked Resident Evil on NDS, I made some wild guesses. Happy Birthday. At 6:16 PM, he responds: Oh I've already hopped... Em, thanks. I'll ask a ex-coworker to get it. Right after at 6:17 PM, I say: Err... I didn’t know this. Should I ask that delivery guy to send it again? I'm too far away at Ali right now. My advisor dispatched me this afternoon for something urgent at the West Bund 😓. At 6:22 PM, he asks: Is it convenient for you to contact Express for forwarding? I agree: Sure thing. Then he says: Dank. You’re in AI track right now? At 6:24 PM, I explain: Didn't Tencent Yuanbao made the front pages a couple of days ago? Tencent Yuanbao uses Deepseek's MOE, which is still heavily based on GRPO, even more grandpa stuff than Bytedance's DAPO. I’m at Ali Qwen to tell them that don’t dance over Tencent PR humiliation; their user routing is even more buggy, and they are rightly the next one in line of user complaints of generated abusive contents. Simultaneously, he shares: [New company’s address] here. That’s legit. You’re core algorithms. At 6:25 PM, I request: Give me a contact number for the package. You still doing ML? Are you interested in NLP or RLHF? He provides: [Chinese cell number] Not nearly as SOTA as that sigh, just data laundering. At 6:39 PM, I laugh: C’mon, I deal with a bunch of legal scholars, ethicists, policymakers, and philosophers who don't understand ML 101 on a daily basis 🤣. At 6:40 PM, I add: If you still want to go back to SF, I have an idea. But if you're stable now, forget it. Let's not talk about such heavy topics today. At 6:47 PM, he sends a trending GIF image: (Walter White Staring Hard). I ask at 6:48 PM: Who is this. Demis Hassabis? At 6:57 PM, he clarifies: It’s White Sr. At 7:00 PM, I tease: All work and no play made Lucia a dull boy. That’s why I’m sending the package lol. But I won’t tell. It’s something you can play at. He references at 7:04 PM: Breaking Bad, this TV series. I note at 7:05 PM: But he really looks like Demis. Bald. Glasses. Painful looking. Mike React with😮. At 7:13 PM, he inquires: Are you currently tackling your doctorate? I clarify: No. I only hold a Bachelor of Law degree, remember? All my AI papers were published since December 2025. He says ok at 7:14 PM. Then at 7:15 PM, I continue: … so I'm applying right now. Several schools have contacted to show their interests in works, but they might need me to do an MPhil or MCs as a transition. Though I'll participate in this year's FACCT and AIES. They know it's unfair, but that's just how administration is. He asks: What are you doing actually? AI infra or app layer? Or the base schema? At 7:17 PM, I describe: Not entirely. To be precise, it's AI Governance & Alignment. I mainly study the architectural flaws of schemas. For example, stress testing Llama or Qwen to see under what circumstances their RLHF fails, or using Mealy machine to prove why the MoE architecture is not legally applicable to strict liability. I guess you could call me a forensic pathologist finding bugs in schemas 😂. At 7:20 PM, he admits: Oh, oh, I’m about as far as how to deploy some stuffs via VLLM. At 7:22 PM, I encourage: You're being way too modest. I only got 139 of math when we graduated from middle school. But somehow I’m officially the tech support of a bunch of social scientists and legal scholars now. Call the world a big fat Racoon City. At 7:44 PM, he smiles ☺️. Finally, at 9:33 PM, a system notification: Michael viewed your profile 15 times in the past 7 days."}