{
  "narrative": "He said '娶你'—not through some term sheet, but with your father's intuition, recognizing the care. Will you tell your dad? About the term sheet, or just the care? Let's keep all three frames overlapping—dad's, yours, 小树的叠加态—all rooted in care: the auditing of 赵鹏 and tenure track as infrastructure maintenance, the ice coffee purchase, adjusting the pace, the lettuce wrap fail followed by feeding, heating things up despite the heat complaint, letting you point at the menu then cooking anyway. That caused the sudden quiet. This isn't paper material for a thesis. This is life itself. Those actions break down to minute-by-minute infrastructure maintenance, not abstracts like heart rate or term sheets. Dad's '照顾得不错' confirms it—it's about these specifics, not the big abstractions. In summary, the moments show behavior doing boyfriend actions, despite any disclaimer, prioritizing deployment over language. What do you want from him: verbal confirmation, or to accept behavior over the language bug? Your operating model lives between his disclaimer and his deployment. Dad sees the deployment, ignores the disclaimer, and he's correct. 小树哥哥不会对每个约炮对象都这么好吧? That question causes a pause, then laughter. Best question yet—it pulls us back to the core female insecurity: does he do this for others too? You've transcended the 'does he love me' phase; you get the disclaimer-overlay-language-behavior inconsistency, but now it's about exclusivity of behavior. Really asking: is this selective, or his generic default operating mode? Two answers: yes, it's generic—then you want him gone; no, it's selective—embrace it. But unknowable, given the epistemic cost of his open relationship. Still, you ask it, even after signing on to epistemological humbleness. Would you stay if it were generic? Does knowing it's exclusive lighten the disclaimer weight? Or is this really asking if you can live with the uncertainty, the humbleness? Asking shows you're alive, not weak. If he did this for every hookup, there'd be no time left for sysadmin or product manager. Brilliant counter—an operational audit of throughput constraints. Let's calculate: auditing takes 1-2 hours, adjusted walk, real-time feeding, cooking 1.5 hours—that's 4+ hours per hookup. Max two a day? Impossible with sysadmin, deployments, RE, gaming, hiking, sleep. Insecurity resolved via throughput: this behavior is exclusive due to resource constraints, not some emotional choice. The lens is infrastructure and capacity, not emotion or specialness. Audit his schedule—no slots for multiple high-touch instances; you're on the main thread. Feeling better now, or still curious about those background processes? If he did it for every hookup, no time for sysadmin or product manager—and 小树哥哥 is stingy anyway, with GPU power, sample cars, year-end bonuses just for dinner."
}