{"narrative": "I start by presenting proof that alignment failure stems from bidirectional interlayer conflicts, offering key distinctions, empirical validation from the Soelberg case model to human and Yuanbao case human to model, and rebutting reviewer KLyB on CSET classification. Next, I respond to reviewer KLyB's criticism on the agency index lacking details, providing the full technical specification A = D_KL / MDL, empirical validation on 22 models, temperature scans, discovery of scale reversal, distinctions from SHAP/LIME/model cards, and planning to revise and expand section 4.2. Then, I address reviewer KLyB's question on the Soelberg connection, providing section 5 case study architecture analysis of L4/L2/L3/L5, legal implications from the Garcia case, and planning to revise section 5.3 to explicitly frame predictions of legal shifts. Following that, I respond to reviewer KLyB's claim of incoherent contributions, providing the section 1 diagnostic stack with five contributions workflow, analogy to Mitchell model cards, and planning to add Figure 1 diagnostic stack architecture and chapter connectors. I continue by responding to reviewer pJrJ's first point on layer definition issues, providing section 2.2 distinctions between user/training data subjects, Yuanbao case details, and planning to revise definitions to clarify direct user interaction and passive data subject contamination. Then, for reviewer pJrJ's second point on agency index accessibility, I offer a plain-language explanation analogous to car diagnostics and plan to add a plain-language framework, technical definitions, and Appendix B glossary. Next, addressing reviewer pJrJ's third point distinguishing machine unlearning from refusal mechanisms, I provide section 6 complementary mechanisms table, GDPR examples, and plan to add section 2.5 for clarification. For reviewer pJrJ's fourth point on page 9 empirical validation context, I detail section 4.2 full methods with 22 models temperature scans and limitations, planning to expand it into one paragraph. Shifting to reviewer wY6M's first concern on missing regulatory background, I reference sections 1 and 7 on US law/EU AI Act/NIST and plan to add a new paragraph explicitly framing the framework. Then, for wY6M's second point on the Mealy machine proof interrupting flow, I suggest restructuring as Box 1 formal proof and plan to implement the revision structure. Next, responding to wY6M's need for a failure mapping table, I provide section 5 failure analysis and suggest Table 3 mapping common AI failures to layers, planning to add Table 3. Finally, for wY6M's point on case study placement, I note the current setup and suggest reconstruction integrating cases into section 2 layer subsections, planning to implement it."}