{"narrative": "First, the text presents the data: quantitative results showing smaller models more stable at τ ≈ 0.9, with a 63% reduction across τ, a 300× variance spike, and 60× qualitative inverted. Then the author argues the discrepancy: the Monte Carlo–empirical discrepancy demonstrates that paradigm assumptions—behavioral decomposability, alignment dominance, predictive stability, continuous response—do not hold for production AI systems. Next, the author states the governance implications: regulatory frameworks, liability structures, and audit methodologies based on the simplified paradigm will fail; the variance spike at τ=0.9 is consequential; the Yuanbao incident exemplifies a cascade from coherent hostility to system collapse. The author draws theoretical conclusions: Conclusion 1, reductionism fails; Conclusion 2, emergence confirmed via phase transitions and scale inversions; Conclusion 3, governance requires architectural diagnosis via the Constraint Cascade Model. The author introduces the court case: Garcia v. Character Technologies (Case No. 6:24-cv-01903, May 21, 2025), where the judge rejects AI outputs as protected speech and allows product liability claims. The author explains the ruling's impact: doctrinal significance lies in Section 230 immunity being inapplicable, strict liability available, supply chain exposure (e.g., Google), mapping to Constraint Cascade layers. The author maps legal concepts: Table 4 maps the 'products not speech' doctrine to Constraint Cascade layers (L1-L5) with governance implications like audits and disclosures. The author proposes a translation layer: the Constraint Cascade as a bidirectional translation between CS and law—CS→Law makes architecture legible; Law→CS makes doctrine precise (e.g., 'aligned' as satisfying L3-L4 constraints). The author explains the gaps: the translation gap stems from ontological differences; the Constraint Cascade provides a mapping that preserves meaning. Finally, the author proposes paths forward: Path A, corporate strict liability at the deployment level using Constraint Cascade for diagnosis; references Table 5 on disciplinary gaps."}